SY News - 11401.htm
SY News - 12900.htm
SY News - 131000.htm
SY News - 16701.htm
SY News - 171001.htm
SY News - 18100.htm
SY News - 18701.htm
SY News - 191099.htm
SY News - 19999.htm
SY News - 21401.htm
SY News - 21800.htm
SY News - 221000.htm
SY News - 23900.htm
SY News - 25101.htm
SY News - 26201.htm
SY News - 281199.htm
SY News - 30301.htm
SY News - 30401.htm
SY News - 30800.htm
SY News - 3500.htm
SY News - 3600.htm
SY News - 51099.htm
SY News - 5600.htm
SY News - 5701.htm
SY News - 61200.htm
SY News - 6400.htm
SY News - 6600.htm
SY News - 7200.htm
Sy News - 7301.htm
SY News - 7501.htm
SY News - 91199.htm
SY News - May 28 2001.htm
SY News 121200.htm
SY News 81299.htm
SY News Update - 17100.htm
SY News Update - 251001.htm
SY News Update - 2701.htm
SY News Update - 271001.htm
SY News Update - 28801.htm
SY News Update - 301001.htm
SY News Update - 41101.htm
SY News Update 160201.htm
SY News Update.htm
SY Update - 15501.htm
The passing of Dr. Rai.htm
The real Mark Mays.htm
Times for Change.htm
un1.htm
unn2.htm
unn3.htm
Update on Shri Krishna Puja  Marriages.htm
URGENT Change in Sahajnet Email Distribution.htm
URGENT Diwali News and more.htm
URGENT Diwali Puja Venu Change.htm
URGENT from Theater of Eternal Values (TEV).htm
Urgent Message.htm
Urgent Request Project 2800.htm
Urgent Response to sy.research@swissonline.com.htm
Visa Invitations for Diwali Puja.htm
Visas for America.htm
WEBPUB.HTM
WPJUNE3.HTM
Yet another date for Shri Krishna Puja.htm
Áåçûìÿííîå âëîæåíèå.htm
Âåñòè èç Òîëüÿòòè.htm
Ãàçåòà èç Òàëüÿòòè.htm
Ãàçåòà èç Òîëüÿòòè.htm
Çèìíèé òóð Þâà Øàêòè.htm
Èç áåñåäû Øðè Ìàòàäæè.htm
Íîâîñòè - ïîäðîáíîñòè î ïðåäñòàÿùåé Ïóäæå.htm
Íîâîñòè Guru Puja Invitation.htm
Íîâîñòè èç Ïÿðíó.htm
Íîâîñòè Ñàõàäæà Éîãè - 1.htm
Íîâîñòè Ñàõàäæà Éîãè.htm
Íîâîñòè.htm
Ïàñõàëüíàÿ ïóäæà â Ñòàìáóëå.htm
Ïðèãëàøåíèå íà ïóäæó Ñàõàñðàðû.htm
Ïðèãëàøåíèå íà ïóäæó Øðè Àäè Øàêòè.htm
Ïóäæà Äíÿ Ðîæäåíèÿ íîâîñòè.htm
Ðàññêàç î ïóäæå Ñàõàñðàðå.htm
Ôîòîãðàôèè.htm

SY News - 11401.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Many thanks to everyone's cooperation in directing requests for information and email address changes to your country leaders and email coordinators. It has made this job a *lot* easier, except that now I don't have any more excuses for being late with the news! Just one final thing, a few people have been sending emails to my old and disconnected email address <sahajnet@halcyon.com> instead of the new one <sahajnet@sahajayoga.org>. You may want to check that your email address books have the right email address for me. Also, hitting the "R" key (reply) to this email will send it the e-Group coordinator for you country (if you have one) instead of me. This means you will have to type in the address above (or use your address book nickname) instead of hitting the "R" key.

 Now, some important and timely news for you to enjoy.

 * Easter Puja Update
 * Chindwara Project
 * MP3 Mantras

 Much love and all the best!

 Mark

 ---------------------------------------------------

 From: "nese algan" <nalgan@domi.com.tr> 
 Subject: Urgent: Eater puja message 
 Date: Wed, 11 Apr 2001 11:21:31 +0300 

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Sahaja Yogis,

 We have very joyous news. Today, 10 April, I have spoken with Mr. Nalgirkar. 
 He said that Shri Mataji's passport is finally ready and She is coming to 
 Istanbul on 19 April. Please share this news to all our brothers and sisters 
 around the world, so that we can share our joy with them and invite them to 
 Istanbul for Easter puja 2001. 

 Lately people from everywhere have been asking us if Easter puja will really 
 take place. So, with this information they don't need to worry anymore and 
 they can arrange their ticket reservations. It will be a great joy for us to 
 see all our brothers and sisters in Istanbul for this auspicious occasion of 
 Easter puja and we need their help and attention very much. Humbly we are 
 asking them to come and to help us in Istanbul.

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 Lots of love from Turkey

 Nese

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------

 Please contact your country or center leader for the latest update on how you can
 contribute to the Chindwara House project (Shri Mataji's birthplace). I'm sure every
 Sahaja Yoga will want to do what they can to make this project successful.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------

  Dear Yogis, 
  
  Listen to Sahaja Yoga Mantras on MP3.com: Reach hundreds of thousands of 
  seekers each day through the Internet: MP3.com receives an average of 
  600,000 visits a day from around the world: If the songs can rise up the 
  charts SY vibrations can be spread to thousands. 
  
  If you would like to hear some Sahaja Yoga mantras sung beautifully in 
  accordance with the vibrational aspect of each of the Chakras visit 
  www.mp3.com/sahaja/. 
  
  Not only will you hear some very powerful and meditative mantras, but you 
  will be able to purchase the CD on the site as well. 
  
  In order for you to help contribute to the popularity of the site, which 
  is gauged by the number of hits and as a result is placed on the forward 
  pages as well as get reviews, writings etc., you should 
  
  1) Try and listen to any or all of the tracks at least once a day for a 
  month. Leave 24 hours in between each time you listen. In other words if 
  you play a track at Noon (12.00) one day, and play the same track again at 
  11.55am the next day this second play will NOT count towards the SY 
  ratings. 
  
  
  2) Play as many of the mantras as you can, each one lasts for about 2 
  minutes. If you have a slow connection like a normal modem only listen to 
  the Lo-Fi version NOT the Hi-fi version otherwise it will take far too 
  long. You do not have to listen to them one by one, load the first track into 
  your player and then while it is playing you can click on the other
 tracks (Lo   Fi Play) you want to listen to and they will play afterwards automatically. 
  
  3) Please note that you only need to listen to the mantra tracks on the 
  site by clicking Lo Fi Play, you do not need to click on the Download button. 
  Those of you who have a fast connection and an MP3 player may, however, 
  wish to download the mantras to your computer and then load them onto your 
  player so that you can listen to them in the car, at the office or
 during your   laundry period! So enjoy! 
  
  4) If you wish, buy a CD or 2 for your collective or to help new people 
  meditate from the site (look for the Buy CD button on the left hand side 
  of the page), as this adds towards the earnings MP3.com pays. 
  
  5) One of the benefits of doing this properly for a month is that we can 
  help drive the mantras up the MP3.com 'charts' where lots of other people 
  will see them and be encouraged to maybe listen to them too. A great way 
  to spread vibrations, and spread the word about Sahaja Yoga, to hundreds of 
  thousands of people around the world. 
  
  6) If your music player on your computer doesn't work (and many of the 
  older versions of Windows or Macintosh will not) then please be patient and 
  download a new player from the MP3.com. The MusicMatch player is very 
  good, but it will take quite a long while to download and install on a slow dial 
  up modem. You will have to download a new player for every machine that 
  you wish to use to listen on (ie at work and at home). 
  
  7) Remember that even if you do not wish to listen to the mantras each 
  time, you CAN turn down the volume on the speakers and still play the song. This 
  will still count as a proper play and SY will be credited. Please play the 
  full length of each mantra you click on though, as partial plays are 
  penalized. 
  
  Thank you for listening. 
  
  Chris Cutler from Sunny LA.  



SY News - 12900.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 More news for you to enjoy...

 * Oh Devi (a poem)
 * Your Hear Is Opened (a poem)
 * Thanks from TEV
 * Public program announcment for Stockholm
 * Shri Krishna Puja Impressions

 Much love and all the best,

 Mark

 -------------------------------------------------

 From: "SHANTANU CHATTERJEE" <shantiji@hotmail.com> 
 Subject: O! Devi You Are........ 
 Date: Fri, 26 May 2000 08:56:18 PDT 
  
 A poem! by a sadhak lost in DEVI!



O! DEVI YOU ARE.............


O! Devi you are.............
 O! Devi you are............. O! Devi you are............. O! Devi you are so beautiful that it vanquishes all the lust from our eyes
 O! Devi you are so gentle that your very touch smoothens our parched skin to soft butter 
 O! Devi you are generous that it makes beggars like us behave like kings
 O! Devi you are so compassionate that even the most stone hearted person can’t help loving
 O! Devi you are source of joy which makes even the most miserable person dance in glory 
 O! Devi you are so sweet that our harsh croaking voice begins to sing
 O! Devi you are so forgiving that even the most tortured person begins to
 bless  O! Devi you are the omnipotent, omnipresent, omniscient matrix of Mahamaya which even the gods cannot comprehend!
 O! Devi you are so pure  Nirmal that even the most contaminated Kali yuga transforms to Satya Yuga
                         O! Devi you are............. O! Devi you are............. O! Devi you are.............




O! Merciful Devi I bow to Thee !


--------------------------------------------------------

 Reply-To: "Corinne Schwers \(Vidya\)" <corinnevidya@yahoo.com> 
 Subject: poem 
 Date: Sun, 6 Aug 2000 16:40:32 +0200 

                Your Heart Is Opened...
                Vidya (Belgium) 

 Your heart is opened if you can be with anybody without judging
 Your heart is opened if you just can be a witness to anybody’s act
 Your heart is opened if you are joyful by the sight of the joyfulness of others
 Your heart is opened if you feel love and compassion from this heart
 Your heart is opened if you listen not to the voice of your mind but to the one of your heart
 Your heart is opened if it is this heart answering and not your mind and judgment
 Your heart is opened if you can accept anybody’s imperfections and love him anyway
 Your heart is opened if this heart is spontaneously generous
 Your heart is opened if  this heart make you be where you have to be, when you have to be
 Your heart is opened if you can give love to anybody else spontaneously
 Your heart is opened if when listening to anybody’s suffering you can just be thoughtless 
 Your heart is opened if when listening to anybody’s suffering you feel only love and compassion
 Your heart is opened if when listening to another point of view, you stay thoughtless  and loving
 When your heart is opened
 The others hear Mother’s voice and not yours
 The others feel Mother’s love and not yours
 The others feel Mother’s compassion and not yours
 Everything which was yours becomes Her’s when your heart is opened
 Everything becomes silent, you are only a witness, you become a beautiful instrument of the Universe’s all-pervading love, whose Great Mother is Our Beloved Mother who is within and without, when your heart is opened.

 --------------------------------------------------------

 From: "Martin Kirchbaumer" <martin.kirchbaumer@yline.com> 
 Subject: Fw: The financial Miracle 
 Date: Wed, 9 Aug 2000 12:36:41 +0200 

 Dear supporters of Theatre of Eternal Values,
  
 After one month it is now secured. All our expenses are covered. 

 This divine miracle was very much influenced by Your generous donation. We do not know how to say thank You for Your support. But may Mothers blessings which we have experienced throughout the whole project, be also felt by You and enhance the cultural developement of Your collectivity. 

 We have now very good videomaterial to ask for sponsorship outside of Sahaja for the following projects of TEV. Without Your help this foundation work would have been financially impossible. That doesn't mean that small contributions - like the TEV-Support-Club (more details about that soon) - are not appreciated anymore. 

 We are already in preperation for the next event which could be a tour through America again with The Magic Flute. Shri Mataji had expressed her desire that this would happen. If You have any abilities in western classical music or if You know somebody in Your collectivity who has - just contact us in time or come to our "Magic Flute Seminar" at a wonderful lake in carinthia (southern austria) 25 - 27th August. 

 We send You warmest greetings and 
 Jai Shri Mataji again and again 

 Theatre of Eternal Values 

 P.S. A full financial accounting of TEV's Magic Flute Tour in America are available from your country leader.

 -----------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: "Göran Frölén" <frolen@hotmail.com> 
 Subject: PP in Sweden 
 Date: Sat, 12 Aug 2000 15:27:24 GMT 

 Public Program in Stockholm

 Hello brothers and sisters,

 On wednesday, the 20/9 we will have a BIG Public Program for all the seekers 
 of Stockholm. We know that they are out there.

 As you all probably know we are a very small collective here so if anyone 
 would like to come and raise those vibrations we would be very happy.
 If someone also would like to spend a glorious autumn and winter in 
 Sweden.There is one small apartment for rent.

 If you are intrested please contact me on: frolen@hotmail.com

 Jai Shri Mataji

 Göran Frölén

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------

 Date: Sun, 3 Sep 2000 00:01:58 -0400 
 From: Mark Taylor <sahajabhakta@sprintmail.com> 
 Subject: Recollections of Shri Krishna Puja 2000

 Linda and I arrived in Cabella Sunday morning, August 13. We had several 
 days before large numbers of hosting yogis arrived. In addition to the 
 simple pleasure of being able to relax, every day brought a new special 
 treat.

 Sunday there was the annual Cabella pot-luck party at Finnbar's house. The 
 house sits apart from neighbouring houses and immediately behind it, on the 
 next hill, sits the Palazzo Doria (Shri Mataji's house). We met another 
 American at the party who joked that of all the functions to attend, this 
 was a "pot luck" (everyone brings some food to share), in the style of our 
 weekly New Jersey/New York meetings. There was indeed excellent and varied 
 food, desserts, even ice cream at the end of the evening. Bhajans were loud 
 and boisterous, accompanied by guitar, electric bass guitar, trombone and 
 two drums.

 Another evening we joined Marie-Laure and Michel, Patricia and Uli and 
 families for supper at a house across the river from Palazzo Doria. Again, 
 a beautiful and clear view of Shri Mataji's house, and our first 
 opportunity to enjoy the company of our brothers and sisters from South 
 America.

 The day of Raksha Bandhan on the Indian calendar we joined the local yogis 
 for a havan at one end of the hangar. Towards the end of the ceremony a 
 person hang gliding appeared and I wondered for a moment if he was going to 
 soar into the hangar and join us. One of many special and unprecedented 
 moments followed, as I had the joy to receive, for the first time ever, 
 rakhis in Cabella. The first was from a sister I did not know, who simply 
 said, "you should have a European rakhi sister." Sitting and having the 
 sister perform aarti and tie the thread, there was overflowing silence, 
 beauty and dignity.

 By the time the hosting yogis arrived in force (Thursday and Friday) I felt 
 fully recharged. The kindly, soothing Cabella lifestyle prepared me for 
 absorbing vibrations during the three nights Shri Mataji joined Her 
 children in the hangar.

 I made several new friends, collected new e-mail addresses, and renewed old 
 friendships. Old, old friends continue to grow and mature and amaze me, as 
 there does not seem to be any upward limit to the height being attained by 
 the saints created by Shri Mataji. Shining from the eyes of every yogi was 
 an indescribable composure and purity. Beyond emotional feelings of 
 delight, there was a nameless state of calmness and silence. Nirananda. 
 This joyous state increased in intensity day by day, until, some time on 
 Saturday, came the thought, "all this, and PUJA TOO?" because the 
 experience moment-by-moment was of being over-blessed, of being flooded 
 with divine attention and love.

 Among the many "firsts" this year was: no rain during our stay in Cabella. 
 And the work felt lighter because we were a larger and more diverse host 
 collective (North and South America, and Nordic countries--Denmark, Norway, 
 Sweden, Finland, Estonia and Lithuania).

 Another special treat this year was the privilege to attend the entire 
 evening programmes Friday and Saturday. (Hosting yogis are often busy 
 elsewhere.) A new level of accomplishment--in the videos, singing, and 
 dancing--was reached. Highlights for me included the videos of Adi Shakti 
 Puja in Canajoharie which captured the mood of frolicking on the banks of 
 the Yamuna River. The video parody of "Men in Black" by the Brazilian Yuva 
 Shakti ("Men in Light") was both hilarious, inventive, and subtle. On the 
 large video screen that shows all of us Shri Mataji's reactions to the 
 presentations, we could see our Holy Mother recall scenes of the video and 
 cover Her mouth, giggling, for some time after the video was over. She said 
 if we could learn how to deal with bhoots as effectively as the "Men in 
 Light" depicted in the video it would mean less work for Her to do.

 The Finnish/Swedish bhajan group astonished us with their dexterity and 
 exuberance, fingers dancing across keys on both harmonium and accordian. 
 The peak moment for me was the performance of "Mother Kundalini, this song 
 is for you" (Madre Kundalini, este canto es para Ti) by David of Argentina. 
 The Cuban rhythm sent us all into an (enlightened) rock-concert frenzy. We 
 were on our feet, dancing, in an instant. So many ovations were offered to 
 the performer that he had tears in his eyes. The humility and devotion 
 expressed in those tears brought tears to others' eyes also. Shri Mataji 
 then told us that this was the first song written about Mother Kundalini.

 I was nominated to be Transportation Coordinator. This is a "job" of making 
 lists, sorting lists, explaining to many guests that you have no plan to 
 get them to the airport and to please come back a little later when there 
 is a plan (this can go on for days). The "job" is to watch the Parama 
 Chaitanya solve every transportation problem. A brother found the ride he 
 needed from the yogi sleeping next to him in the men's tent. Drivers from 
 Spain and Italy offered invaluable assistance to the host yogis who were 
 very busy with decoration, kitchen and cleaning tasks. And finally, due to 
 the shortage of drivers and the need to keep looking at those lists, the 
 Transportation Coordinator had to put in two all-night shifts. Even though 
 some said the Coordinator looked and sounded tired by Monday, there was no 
 feeling of fatigue. It was a state of complete effortlessness. The power 
 source was pure kundalini energy.

 Shri Krishna Puja began after 9:30 p.m. Sunday evening. The talk began from 
 a new tangent and moved along new pathways to reveal to us unprecedented 
 insights. Shri Mataji began by talking about the fact that we come to 
 Sahaja Yoga with a past, with the results of our seeking before Sahaja 
 Yoga. As the talk progressed, Shri Mataji developed the theme that we 
 should have the confidence to make decisions quickly, without a lot of 
 deliberation. Shri Mataji said She decided to buy Palazzo Doria in Cabella 
 in ten minutes.

 Presentations of gifts to Shri Mataji, and the presenting of many gifts to 
 all of us from Shri Mataji, took us into the morning of the next day. Shri 
 Mataji said we could dance all night if we wanted to. And many of us did.
 Monday we worked to clean up the puja site and help get our visiting 
 brothers and sisters back to their airports. At last was the special 
 moment--late in the evening--when the hosts got to sit at the pizza 
 restaurant in Cabella and order pizza. We sat at several tables without any 
 sense of country or language, Argentinians, Brazilians, Canadians, 
 completely satisfied and overflowing with the vibrations of the puja.
 Only on the flight back to the USA did I start to feel the tremendous force 
 with which the kundalini was pouring out of my sahasrara. In the heavy 
 environment of Washington, DC or New York, the energy had to push against 
 resistance. In the pure environment of Cabella, in the darshan of Shri Adi 
 Shakti Mataji, there were no obstacles, and the kundalini just flowed and flowed.

 --Mark Taylor

SY News - 16701.htm
Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Please enjoy the news!

 * Guru Puja recollections
 * The truth about the "Truthholders"
 * Recommendations for virus/firewall protection

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 Mark

 P.S. Final transporation information for Shri Krishan Puja will be out in another day or two, but I have received so many requests for information that I can give you at least some basic things we know to help you plan your trip a little better if you are still making arrangements. Transporation from NYC airports JFK and LaGuardia will be provided at least on July 25, 26, 27 at 2pm/3pm (JFK/LaGuardia) and again at 11pm/midnight, directly to Canajoharie. Note that Newark, New Jersey is NOT included this year. On-going transportation will be happening to/from Albany airport from now until at least July 31. Return bus transportation to JFK/La Guardia will also be provided, schedules forthcoming.

 -----------------------------------------------------------------

 From the AUS-Newsletter: 
 Letter from Cabella: 

 Friday evening's concert began with a tribute to Baba Mama. Nirmal Sangeet 
 Sarita were all there, including Guruji who had had his passport run out 
 just before he was due to leave for Cabella. Mother was informed and the 
 usual process of six months to renew an Indian passport was reduced to two 
 days following Her Bhandan. Mother seemed often in tears during their 
 performance. Then followed a magnificent play by the Italians. The backdrop 
 and stage decorations were so professional. The acting and dancing were 
 faultless. (We had watched several rehearsals and they were nothing like the 
 line-forgetting, bumbling cast when onstage in Mother's presence!). The 
 storyline followed a Chinese king who sought help from renowned sages who 
 told of Tao, Kung fu, Tai Chi, the story of the childhood of Pue Yhi (I 
 cannot remember the spelling). 

 Next night there were more songs from students of the music school, jazz 
 from Italians and an amazing American who sang like no one else we'd ever 
 heard. A play of the life of Jnaneshwari and his brothers and sister - 
 brilliant!

 Some of Shri Mataji's talk: 
 (remember these are just Beverley's notes and please forgive any mistakes in 
 the retelling). 

 The talk was about purity within: 
 Get out of your problems - purify yourselves, face yourselves. Now you are a 
 guru you should not be worrying about nonsensical things. 
 Be humble about your purity. Be humble about your talents, position in life, 
 etc. Make yourself your own disciple. Say "Have I got the quality of a clear 
 heart and understanding?" 
 You are not an Incarnation. But as humans you rise to the level of an 
 incarnation. 

 Love not in a limited way but like an ocean. The technique: use not anger, 
 not culture but how you suggest you love, this is a more powerful tool. The 
 power of love. The Paramchaitanya is the Power of God's Love. 
 Shri Mataji said Her love works in a secret manner. Try to develop the sense 
 of love within you. Love gives you Love. Your purity is gauged by how you 
 purify others. The Paramchaitanya flows if you are pure - be pure in 
 temperament and in love. 

 Your role is to give realisation to everyone. It will stop the fighting, the 
 wars and desperate situation through the world. When they all get 
 realisation the whole of humanity will rise to the next level. The 
 difference between ancient and modern gurus is that the ancients did not 
 care for giving realisation, and the modern guru gives realisation.
 The present-giving was the usual long affair. All through this everyone was 
 remarkably quiet and musicians and soloists sang and played while Mother 
 talked to almost everyone who went up. 

 A Bathurst yogini made up a soothing foot balm for Mother from St John's 
 wort. She had gathered the herb from Aboriginal lands near Bathurst. She 
 wrote in a card that Bathurst the new collective prayed that this foot balm 
 would soothe not only Mother's feet but the relationship between the 
 Aboriginal and Australian communities. Mother loved the balm. And as She 
 handed the cream to the lad who was collecting all the gifts. She said "I am 
 very worried about the Aboriginals". 

 The night ended about 3.30am with a wild crescendo of song and dance in the 
 presence of Shri Mataji, the Guru. The song was Kundalini. She left to a 
 soft crooning of "Mother I adore You". Fireworks too! 
 More in a fortnight about other things. 

 We are all looking forward to the Albert Hall program Saturday night. 
 Got off the bus in the centre of Brixton last evening on my way home from 
 the puja and turned to press the walk sign button, and there on the post, 
 right there in Brixton was Mother smiling at me from a poster. 

 Love, 

 Beverley Budgen 
 (ex Cairns, Australia)

 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Message from Avinash about the so called "Truth Upholders"

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Some of you may have received a strange email from the "Truth 
 Upholders" at a hotmail account. These people are part of a 
 break away group of Chinese yogis whom Shri Mataji threw out of 
 Sahaja Yoga at Birthday Puja. The main ones have been into raki 
 and this negativity has been channeling through these people to 
 attack the Hong Kong collective.

 The personal attacks on the leader are completely false 
 and are in response for Shri Mataji asking them to 
 leave Sahaja Yoga. They are trying to create some 
 ripples in the Sahaja collective and we must not take any 
 notice. It is important that we delete all messages and do not 
 react to such slanderous material. It is very sad when yogis go 
 so far off the track and become channels for negativity to do 
 such harm to individuals and Sahaja Yoga.

 Shri Mataji is supporting Alex completely and we should 
 all give bandhans and shoe beat the problem so that these 
 people stop their anti Sahaj activities.

 Jai Shri Mataji 

 Avinash (Australian Leader)

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: "Calin Costian" <calin@nortelnetworks.com> 
 Subject: free antivirus/firewall protection 
 Date: Tue, 3 Jul 2001 19:03:26 -0500 

 Dear brothers and sisters,

 As we are becoming more and more connected electronically and visible to the 
 world, the risks of having our PCs either spied on or wiped out by viruses 
 are increasing. Recently a Sahaja Yogi's computer was infected by a virus 
 that not only did damage to the hard drive but also broadcasted itself to 
 all the Sahaja Yogis and other people on their personal address list. 

 I would like to bring to your attention an antivirus program and a personal 
 firewall software, both free to download and use:
 ZoneAlarm (personal firewall) - www.zonelabs.com 
 AVG (Antivirus from Grisoft) - www.grisoft.com

Both these programs have excellent ratings regarding their performance and 
 protection rate - in fact ZoneAlarm may be offer the best firewall 
 protection known even though it is free. They both work on all Windows 
 platforms. Needless to say, both need to be updated regularly via downloads 
 of new rules from the above sites which should be checked for updates at 
 least once a month.

 Do I need both antivirus and firewall software?
 I thought that antivirus software should be enough and personal firewalls 
 are just a "trend" for paranoid people, until I realized that it is 
 practically as easy to plant a virus on a computer without firewall 
 protection, as it is by emailing it to someone without antivirus protection. 
 In fact, viruses placed on computer without firewalls can be more dangerous 
 than those that are emailed, since the user does not have to open any email 
 and has no idea that the virus has been installed, remotely from another 
 computer, any time while they are innocently connected to the Internet.
 It is very easy for any web site to capture your IP address (number assigned 
 to your computer while being connected to the Internet) and plant a virus on 
 your computer automatically, without the hacker lifting a finger or being 
 even aware about your particular computer. Even if you don't visit any web 
 sites, just being connected to the Internet exposes you to the same risk 
 since hackers have programs that scan blocks of IP addresses randomly in 
 search for vulnerable computers. If your IP (which changes every time you 
 connect to the Internet, unless you have fixed cable or DSL connections) 
 falls into the range they are scanning and you don't have solid firewall 
 protection, the virus is planted. All these things happen automatically, the 
 hacker does not need to target your computer specifically.

 Once installed, a virus can: 
 - wipe out your hard drive 
 - "steal" your files i.e. transfer them to the hacker's machine without your 
 knowledge 
 - use your computer to attack other computers (to invade them, spy them, or 
 even block web sites or deny Internet access completely to other people), 
 without your knowledge

 We are all protected by the Divine power, but it doesn't hurt to protect our 
 computers also especially since the above programs are free. They are also 
 pretty intelligent to function by themselves after you log on the Internet 
 once and leave you alone afterwards, except for alerting any suspicious 
 incoming or outgoing activity they detect. As a rule, except for the 
 programs you use for accessing the Internet (email program, web browser) you 
 should not give access to any other programs (say No when asked), but again 
 the software can figure out a lot of things by itself and leave you alone 
 afterwards.

 For more information, an outstanding site is www.grc.com, maintained by 
 someone who is clearly in the know, and you can also check 
www.firewallguide.com which has a lot of links related to antivirus and 
 firewall protection, as well as a few healthy tips for keeping your computer 
 safe. To test your firewall once it is installed, and see what attacks it 
 can block, the best sites I found were http://scan.sygatetech.com/ and 
www.grc.com. At grc.com you can also read some pretty amazing 
 hacker/security related stories.

 Best of luck !

 Jai Shri Mataji !

 Calin 

SY News - 18100.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Please enjoy the news!
 * A poem
 * Lunar eclipse warning
 * News from New Zealand
 * News from Ukraine
 * Canadian East Coast Seminar

 Kind Regards,

 Mark

 ----------------------------------------------------------------

 From: "keith boulton" <keith@oceanbound.freeserve.co.uk> 
 Subject: Article for Sahaj News - a poem 
 Date: Thu, 23 Dec 1999 16:21:25 -0000 

JAI SHRI MATAJI 

 Peace and Love to ALL Seekers and Finders of Truth 

Mother Earth's Love 

 Laying on the hillside, wide and free, feeling peace staring into the blue 
 Looking at the sky above our heads, She knows beyond our points of view 
 On the dusky moors beneith the stars, feel Her breath upon our cheeks 
 Universal and free Mother Earth is at peace, watching over us. 

 Looking at the trees as they playfully wave as we walk on by 
 And the shores of the ocean sing a song to the people who have the time 
 Feel the rain as she washes your soul and refreshes the Earth again 
 Universal and free Mother Earth is at peace, watching over us. 

 Watching birds as they play, wiling hours away with the Angels of dawn 
 And the sun when she rises spreads light undisguised for everyone 
 And in silent meditation the Earth hears all of what goes on 
 Universal and free Mother Earth is at peace, watching over us. 

 We think we're beyond her, this ancient power of everyday 
 Silently she watches us chasing our tails, missing the point and fading away 
 Forgiving and trusting are Her branches of old 
 Her primordial secrets forever untold. 

 Lets go deep into the river, feel Her cool against our skin 
 Hear Her gentle whispers to the fruit we bear within, 
 Allow ourselves to manifest, drenched in Holy Love 
 Universal and free Mother Earth is at peace, watching over us 
 Universal and free Mother Earth is at peace, waiting for us to come home. 

 Julie Boulton 
 Yorkshire, England 

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: MICHEL CERNAY, COLOMBIA <sycolomb@colomsat.net.co> 
 Subject: ASTROLOGICAL EMERGENCY 
 Date: Mon, 17 Jan 2000 20:31:05 -0500 

 PLEASE, PASS IT ON
 I JUST HEARD ON THE RADIO THAT DURING THE NIGHT THURSDAY 20/FRIDAY21, THERE 
 WILL BE AN ECLIPSE OF MOON VISIBLE IN AMERICA AND WESTERN EUROPE A NICE ONE 
 WITH A MOON COLOURED IN RED 
 AS SUN-ECLIPSES GIVE BODY PROBLEMS TO BABIES TO-BE, MOON ECLIPSES GINE 
 MENTAL PROBLEMS 
 PLEASE INFORM ALL PREGNANT YOGINIS TO STAY HOME

 ALSO ON ASTROLOGICS, THE 5TH OF MAY, THIS YEAR WE WILL HAVE A LIGNMENT OF 
 FIVE PLANETS.......... 30 YEARS AFTER.........

 JAY SHRI MATAJI 

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

 NOTE FROM MARK: The following are excerpts from the New Zealand newsletter.


Report from Fiji
Sahaja trip to Nadi and Suva, Nov. 25 to Dec. 3

Jai Shri Mataji

A group of Sahaja Yogis from both New Zealand and Australia went to Fiji late November 1999 for two weeks to help Fiji
 Sahaja Yogis in organising some public programs. With Shri Mataji’s blessings the trip was very successful.

 On the 26th November we started with a havan, meditation and afterwards a dinner with the Fiji Yogis in Votualevu, Nadi.
 On the 26th we had meditation with Votualevu Public School children. Eighty four children and their two teachers daily start
 their lessons with meditation. The kids would not let the teachers start the activities without meditation. The children were
 amazing. They said Shri Ganesha’s Mantras and Shri Mataji’s mantras and we all meditated together. After that they sang
 and danced for us and asked some questions. The teacher suggested that they should us questions about Shri Mataji, for ex-ample:
“How is Shri Mataji?” The kids instead of asking this question replied saying “ Shri Mataji is fine.” They had a glow
 on their faces as if they knew Shri Mataji very well. We all laughed with joy and had a great time. The vibrations were tre-mendous.

 Then we had an interview with local Community Television in Votualevu - both in Hindi and English. Most people at the T.
 V. station got their Realization. The T.V. presenter, a native Fijian girl, who was interviewing the New Zealand leader - Mr.
 Geoff Platford, experienced such joy of Self Reliasation that tears came into her eyes during the interview. She was asking
 everybody to come and experience it. It was great.

 On the 27th Votualevu Public School had a Millennium Celebration at the school and gave us 30 minutes to present Sahaja
 Yoga. Although the occasion was not ideal since there was so much dance, songs and noise everywhere, still some people got
 their Realization and came to know about Shri Mataji and Sahaja Yoga.

 Then on the 29th and 30th we had a program in the capital - Suva, at The University of the South Pacific. About 50 people
 came to the program. The atmosphere was very heavy. As soon as we started the program very heavy rain came, beating so
 heavily and loudly on the iron roof that we could hardly hear uncle Geoff talking. Then after 10 to 15 minutes the rain slowed
 down and the atmosphere became much lighter, the vibrations improved and we had a beautiful program. Some good seekers
 came to the follow up. We have asked the Fiji yogis follow up with some programs in Suva.

 On the 1st and the 2nd December we had two programs in Nadi Town. Again about 50 people came to the program. They
 requested for Sahaja Yoga programs to be run in Nadi Town. One of the local communities has provided a free hall for run-ning
 programs every 2nd week. Fiji Yogis will follow that up.

 Shri Mataji had a lot of attention on Fiji. We could feel this on vibrations. Since the programs there had been continuous
 heavy rain in Fiji and even a flood in certain areas. A lot of clearing is going on.

 Fiji Sahaja Yogis requested me (since I was the last one to leave) to thank both New Zealand and Australian collectives for
 their support in running the programs, providing video tapes and photographs. They were very grateful.
 If anyone wants to spend some time with Yogis in Fiji and help them with programs please contact:
Mr. Rajesh Prakash, P.O. Box 98 98, Nadi Airport, Fiji. (Phone / Fax: ( 679 ) 723 934.

Jay Shri Mataji !
 Anirupa Shaw, Sydney
nnnnnnnnnnnnnn

Jai Shri Mataji
As promised to the Fijian collective, Sahaja Yogis from Australia and New Zealand came back after one year to support
 new public programs in Nadi and Suva. Sangeetha and Annie from Sydney and uncle Geoff, Marlies & Horst from Auck-land
 arrived on the 25.11.1999 in Fiji. The early arrivers had a nice havan with the Nadi collective. Everybody was filled
 with excitement and topped up with good vibrations ready to participate in new programs in Fiji.

 Next morning all of us were relaxed and in good spirit. That day we were invited to the local primary school where 2
 teachers have already introduced Sahaja Yoga to their pupils. When we arrived the classroom was filled with children and
 some parents. Shri Mataji’s altar, beautifully decorated with fragrant flowers, was placed in front of the blackboard. We
 talked to the children about Shri Mataji and Sahaja Yoga in English and Geetha and Annie translated it into

 Hindi. The children told us that one finds Shri Mataji in the heart. After some questions and singing the Maha Mantra, we
 finally had to say goodbye and leave these beautiful and shiny young people. It was a joyful experience for everybody.
 The same day in the afternoon a Sahaja Yoga interview was recorded for the local community television. They promised
 to broadcast it the following week. Many staff members at the station got their Self Realization. The program was done
 in English and Hindi. It was very nice to see Yoginis and Yogis being such joyful instruments of Mothers Divine work.
 In the evening we got unexpected opportunity to introduce Sahaja Yoga on the stage during price-giving ceremony at the
 same primary school we visited before.

 Next day, after postering in Nadi, we spoilt ourselves with a delicious Chinese dinner.
 On Sunday we left for Suva – some by bus, others by plane. What an exciting sightseeing that was!
 While we were postering at South Pacific University, all of us felt the heaviness of that place. Not only it was 31 degrees
 and 95% humidity, but we could also feel the vibrational heat everywhere. After the postering we went back to our hotel
 and had a good clear out. It is always good to have some lemon handy.

 About 50 people (mostly families), who saw the advertising in the local newspaper, attended the first program. The pro-gram
 was done in English and Hindi. All people got their Self Realization. Shri Mataji worked it all out beautifully.
 The second night, about 25 people from the night before and a few new ones came to the program . By the end of the pro-gram
 uncle Geoff initiated for the people to practice Sahaja Yoga together. They exchanged their telephone numbers and
 addresses . This was an exciting moment to witness: if these new people practice Sahaja Yoga together this can be a good
 beginning in Suva. Follow-ups may be soon organised there by the Nadi collective on a monthly basis. After we left the
 city there was a heavy rain resulting in a flood - perhaps a big clear out!

 We left early in the morning to return to Nadi. That night we had our program there. It was a very hot night. Some people
 came for the program as far as Lautoka. About 30 seekers got their Self Realization and all of them returned the follow-ing
 night. That night we showed a video in Hindi. At the end of the program some ladies went to Shri Mataji’s photo-graph
 and bowed to pay their respect to Her. The Nadi collective will follow up these programs.

 After the programs we were invited to Annie’s parents - mum and dad’s place for a cup of chai (tea). Home is a very special
 place in Fiji, their hospitality and warmth is overwhelming. It always felt like coming home when we went to mum
 and dad’s place. And it is not a secret: Annie’s mum is Fiji’s best cook.

 That night we met with the Nadi collective for the last time. While we where enjoying each other’s company, uncle Geoff
 summarised past 8 days in Fiji and talked about personal and collective growth in Sahaja Yoga. To improve our spiritual
 and physical being we have to listen to Mother’s words and introspect. If we do Sahaja Yoga from our heart it will all
 work out.

 This 8 day workshop was a very nice experience for us. We could feel Mother’s attention all the time.

Jai Shri Mataji!
 Marlies & Horst, Te Awamutu

Reflections from German Seminar
Correspondence from Dresden

German seminar was held at the end of October near Frankfurt. Two hundred Sahaja Yogis got together to attended it.
 Some important points were put into our attention by our leader:
· Yoyo effect: we are like yoyo, our vibrations grow high, but then suddenly drop. We are not able to maintain them.
 The art of Sahaja Yoga is difficult for us, because we are not all the time in thoughtless awareness. We are trying
 very hard to fight our negativity and feel vibrations, but when we achieve it then we fall down again. Achieving
 thoughtless awareness should be our aim in each meditation and this is just the beginning from where we should
 grow.
· Three positions can be helpful to us in this process:
        * clear ourselves by sitting down with our palms on earth;
        * worship God (keeping your hands folded in prayer);
        * absorb vibrations and vibrate the environment (with hands open to Shri Mataji in meditation).
· We should realise that 90% of negativity which we feel is in us, so we should not look for faults in others or in the
 environment, but rather than that work on ourselves.
· Our external state reflects our internal state (and vice versa). That’s why we should think over our life and change
 everything what is not alright. Then only we will get rid of our family, marriage, financial and work problems.
 Everything will be solved if we achieve our spiritual growth.
· Sahaja Yoga does not have any written code of behaviour (like Bible or Koran). Our vibrations decide if we are a
 Sahaja Yogi or not.

We are greeting all of you very cordially and wish you a Merry Christmas and all the best in the Year 2000!

Katharina Fürwitt and Dresden collective

Mother’s Arrival to Delhi
Correspondence from India

Jai Shri Mataji!
How are you? We are all well with the bliss of Shri Mataji. Shri Mataji was recently in Delhi temple. One evening we
 attended the welcome program of Shri Mataji. It cannot simply be described in words. It was really wonderful. Around
 8000 to 10000 Sahaja Yogis attended this program. Sahaja Yogis from different parts of the country arrived to attend
 this beautiful and unforgettable event.

 The program started with the welcoming of Shri Mataji and Sir C.P. - with offering of coconut and shawls (an old In-dian
 tradition). After that Shri Mataji and Sir C.P. both gave very deep speeches regarding the spreading of Sahaja
 Yoga. We must spread and renounce it because only by Sahaja capabilities people will unite and enjoy each other’s
 company.

 The program started with the song presented by the Noida group and after that Delhi group sung a classical song in the
 praise of our Mother. Then the Nagpur academy had its performance. It was surprising to see academy people, who knew
 about the event just the day before, giving such a mirthful performance which made everybody literally stunned. One Russian
 lady sang a Marathi song which she had prepared in one day - can you believe this! After that other singers and Deepak
 Verma also performed. Shri Mataji invited Prassana, a superb musician playing the flute, to Ganpatipule.

 Due to short time the program was finished at around 1 a.m. We left that place with the feeling of complete peace and en-joyment.
 Leaving this place we hope to be with our Mother soon.

 I hope by this letter you are able to feel the evening. Please also send me regularly your newsletter.
Sunil Sharma, Delhi

 ------------------------------------------------------------

Date: Wed, 29 Dec 1999 16:16:29 +0200 
 From: Yuriy Dobrovolskyy, Ukraine <dobro@ipp.adam.kiev.ua> 
 Subject: SY jubilee in Ukraine 

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear brothers & sisters,

 This year we met the tenth anniversary of Sahaja Yoga in Ukraine. So we 
 would like to share our joy with the Sahaja community and to tell 
 briefly how Sahaja Yoga is going in Ukraine now. 

 The first visit of Her Holiness Shri Mataji in Kyiv was on October 21, 
 1989. She gave two public programs where more than one thousand seekers 
 of Truth have got their Self-Realization. In subsequent years HH Shri 
 Mataji visited Kyiv six time more. She gave public programs in 
 overcrowded halls of 2 000 to 5 000 seats capacity or in open-air 
 stadiums in attendance of 15 000 to 20 000 seekers.

 Now Sahaja Yoga collectives are working in more than 70 cities and towns 
 of Ukraine. Classes on studying Sahaja Yoga basics are going permanently 
 in many cities. There are creative (musical, dance, theatre, etc.) 
 Sahaja groups, that expand the light and cool vibrations of Sahaja Yoga, 
 performing at public programs and other meetings in many cities of 
 Ukraine.

 From 1996 all-Ukrainian Sahaja seminars are held in different cities 
 regularly (usually it is at the week-ends of International Pujas). 
 Sahaja Yogis from all parts of Ukraine and also our neighbours from 
 Byelorussia, Moldova, Russia, etc. are coming to the seminars. Public 
 programs are often held after the seminars. In addition to all-Ukrainian 
 seminars there are also regional ones.

 All we know that feeling of joy and happiness when we meet our beloved 
 Great Mother. The vibrations of Mother's love are flowing and opening 
 hearts broadly; and soon we become the one love. The feelings at the 
 all-Ukrainian seminars are almost the same. The presence of our Mother 
 is felt actually. And there is a feeling that we are a vast integrated 
 family of our Divine Mother, that Our Mother loves us. And our love to 
 the Mother, to our Sahaja brothers and sisters, and to the all mankind 
 strengthens in our hearts.

 The last all-Ukrainian seminar (it was the one of the Divali Puja) was 
 held in Kyiv. All but a thousand yogis took part in it, including about 
 400 yogis came from more than 30 cities and towns of Ukraine and also 
 from Byelorussia, Moldova, Poland, Russia. It was so special atmosphere 
 of brotherhood and love during the days of Divali seminar in Kyiv, so 
 strong feeling of our oneness, that we are the one family, so great joy 
 splashed out in overall dances after the Puja, that it could be compared 
 just with the same feelings on International Pujas in the Presence of 
 Her Holiness Shri Mataji Herself.

 Our dear brothers and sisters, we love you all very much. We are looking 
 for new meeting at the Lotus Feet of Shri Adi Shakti (in Her Presence 
 both in Her personal and just in subtle Form).

 Bolo Shri Adi Shakti Bhagavati Mataji, Shri Nirmala Devi Ki - Jai!!!

 The collectivity of Sahaja Yogis of Ukraine 

 ----------------------------------------------------------

 JAI SHRI MATAJI!!


 Dear Brothers and Sisters,

 We would like to share with you a brief account of a Canadian East Coast Seminar. 

 During the weekend of 10th to 12th December, the East Coast collectives of Canada held a seminar. It was held at a beautiful and idyllic place called Kettleby, about 40 minutes north of Toronto. This place is a campsite, which consists of wonderfully designed log cabins all of which were rented for the seminar! Although many yogis could not make it, approximately 50-55 yogis joyously participated in the proceedings. 

 The purpose of the seminar was multi-dimensional. We basically wanted to spend some time together; a feat rendered almost impossible by the crazy pace of North American life; strengthen our innately beautiful relationships and explore ideas and avenues for expanding Sahaja activities in different spheres in Canada.

 A videotape of our beloved DIVINE MOTHER inaugurated the seminar. It was a speech given at Cheltanham in the UK many years ago. The tape was spontaneously chosen and not surprisingly, SHRI MATAJI stated all the goals and objectives that we as Sahaja yogis should aspire for and work towards helping HER to fulfil HER DIVINE MISSION!! Truly, the entire objective of the seminar was achieved through that tape and we could as well have packed up and left as there was nothing more to be said!! 

 Every day we would mediate collectively early in the morning and every participant endeavored to look deep within himself and attempt to touch a new level of consciousness. It was a gorgeous experience. Just the joy of being together and meditating on the LOTUS FEET of our DIVINE MOTHER was wonderful beyond words! 

 The agenda for the seminar was based on a consensus of ideas and desires. Different yogis presented many creative ideas and all the participants brought  fresh perspectives as to the various ways in which we could work towards spreading Sahaja in this vast and beautiful land of Shri Virata. We have already started working on some of the projects that were presented. 

 We had a havan on the Saturday afternoon (ambient temperature was 50 C !) and it was a truly unforgettable experience. A notable aspect of the seminar was a presentation by Dr. Ram Mishra titled ‘Cell and the subtle system’ wherein he presented a synopsis of how the subtle system is represented at the cellular level. SHRI MATAJI had explained the same to him and given the opportunity he was only too happy to share it with all of us. It made us all realize how SHRI MATAJI works on us, verily at the level of each and every individual cell of our body !!

 We parted company on late Sunday afternoon with a solemn promise to ourselves to repeat the entire process of another seminar in the not too distant future!! 

 Jai Shri Mataji !!

 East Coast collective
 Canada


SY News - 18701.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Some more news to share. Please enjoy!

 * Request for creation of universe picture
 * News from Royal Albert Hall

 All the best!

 Mark

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: "Paul Barberton" <pbarberton@yahoo.com> 
 Subject: Universe picture 
 Date: Wed, 11 Jul 2001 08:47:38 +0200 

 Dear Sahaja Yogis,

 Marina and I have just received an email from the Russian yogis' news centre 
 that they are looking for a drawing Shri Mataji made describing the creation 
 of the universe. No doubt it would be of great interest to all Sahajis. If 
 anyone has it perhaps they could email to: sahajnet@sahajayoga.org 
 so it could be shared via the Sahaj News.

 Jay Shri Mataji!

 Your brother and sister,

 Paul and Marina Barberton

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


 From: Dara,  dara108@excite.com
Date: 17. Juli 2001 23:12

 greetings from Dara - Jai Shri Mataji!

 I would like to share with you some of the vibrations from this weekend in 
 London. Please excuse the lack of German and the possibility that I have 
 mixed some of Shri Adi Shakti Puja speech with the words Shri Mataji spoke 
 at the Royal Albert Hall on Saturday night. Both speeches were very similar. 
 In fact, it felt that the (Puja) speech we heard at the public program in 
 London was actually a continuation of the Adi Shakti Puja speech in Cabella. 
 (Sigrid Jones was one of the cameramen for all the program and she will 
 bring the video for us to view when she returns from London in 10 days) 
 It was a very strong and powerful speech. Shri Mataji spoke to the 
 approximately 5,000. seekers (including about 500 Yogis) as if all were 
 established Yogis. We were warned that time is short and we must decide for 
 ourselves why we have come on this Earth. It is the last judgement and we 
 can choose either to go to heaven or to hell.There is not much time left and 
 we must save as many people so they will not be doomed. This is our 
 responsibility. Shri Mataji spoke about the six enemies against our ascent., 
 mainly concentrating on Anger and Greed. She asked why we are wasting so 
 much time being angry about such trivial or unimportant matters. We are 
 wasting our time and time is short. our attention should go to the whole of 
 humanity. To save the people against doom. Shri Mataji spoke that we need 
 not worry about dirt outside us. That we must cleanse ourselves from within. 
 We must clear our problems, face ourselves and introspect. there is not much 
 time. She said that Sahaja Yoga is the only answer to the doom facing 
 mankind.

 It was a very long speech and the part of realization was very short. 
 Afterwards, all the children began going to Shri Mataji to offer flowers. 
 Those who had no flowers offered small sweet kisses which were returned with 
 the likewise from Shri Mataji. All these little souls were embraced by the 
 Mother of the Entire Universe. The little faces were transformed into 
 thousands of shining lights and the Puja of Shri Ganesha was complete. There 
 were the children of all the Yogis and the children of those who came for 
 their realization as one during this sweetness after the speech that came 
 from Shri Shiva.

 The English collective have the blessing of having a wonderful and powerful 
 bhajan group There was no difference in the quality to the Bhajans in 
 Cabella. The joy was overflowing. Shri Mataji departed and the bhajans 
 continued until we were forced to depart the hall. It must have been past 
 one in the morning when we gathered outside the Royal Albert Hall to wave 
 goodbye to Shri Mataji driving away in Her car to Her home in London.
 We drove to Daniel and Clare (Wagner's) home. Beside Phil Ward and myself 
 there was one lovely Scottish girl, and six wonderful French, three of whom 
 were 1-2 months in Sahaja Yoga and who had never seen Shri Mataji. It was a 
 wonderful and incredibly heart warming experience. It was like all the best 
 of Ashram life rolled into three days. My heart still bursts with love for 
 these french people. We all took turns cooking. The french cooked amazing 
 food, one of them being from Africa cooked us an African food one night. 
 This was all eaten always after the programs at 2 in the morning. We were in 
 bed generally at 3 am. The french cooked and cleaned and did the shopping. 
 they were such relaxed, gentle and open hearted people. Not big talkers but 
 we talked alot or attempted to talk as they spoke only a few English words 
 and our french only brought laughter. Luckily Phil was there to translate. 
 It was amazing that 12 people so comfortably and enjoyably fit into the 
 Wagner's typical "mini" house. By the end of the weekend the "new" people 
 had become completely transformed. I believe we all were transformed from 
 this 4-day Ashram life. I pray that the entire Austrian Collective can soon 
 experience this collective love for each other in the new AshramS in 
 Austria.

 On Sunday was a huge picnic in the park in Central London. Under a huge tree 
 sat hundreds (?) of English and foreign Yogis eating their picnic lunches, 
 playing games and enjoying each others company. there were Yogis there I 
 hadn't seen in 5 years. this was so nice. The Günter Woltron family was 
 there, Guy and Brigitte. Sia, Siddi and Rahul, Tom Waite, Susy and Greg A 
 big Austrian meeting. Walter and Gudrun and I joined in.

 On Sunday night Walter and I were lucky enough to join Englebert and Sigrid 
 (cameralady) at the VIP meeting at the Russell Hotel. Again Shri Mataji 
 spoke very long. There had been an article in one of the leading London 
 newspapers against SYoga. Apparantly it was part of the internet conspiracy. 
 Shri Mataji seemed very sad and talked about all the good Sahaja Yoga has 
 done and is doing, what the money is being spent on and why Sahaja Yoga 
 alone will change the world. Shri Mataji spoke about Germany and Hitler. 
 There were questions and wonderful answers that made all of us laugh. I do 
 not remember anything in detail. It was so nice to be in the presence of Our 
 Holy Mother.

 Again we returned home past midnight and ate a wonderful meal and slept 
 like little babies. It is now quite late back here in Vienna. I will write 
 about the follow-up program from Monday night tommorrow after having some 
 rest. That program was the hightlight of the entire weekend...

 Lots of love from Dara


SY News - 19999.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Please enjoy the news!

 * Latest changes to Puja & Public Program dates
 * Message from the internet team
 * Ayurvedic Medicines available at Ganesha Puja
 * Invitation from Bulgaria
 * Green Card Lottery
 * Virus update

 Kind Regards,

 Mark

 ----------------------------------------------

 SEPTEMBER
 18. 09. 1999,  Saturday,  Public Program, Milano
 19-21. 09. 1999, Sunday – Tuesday, Travel to France
 24-25-26. 09. 99, Friday - Sunday, Shri Ganesha Puja, Cabella

 OCTOBER
 15-16-17. 10. 1999, Friday - Sunday, Navaratri Puja, Cabella

 NOVEMBER
 04. 11. 1999, Tuesday, Travel to Greece
 05-06-07. 11. 1999, Friday – Sunday, Diwali Puja Greece
 09. 11. 1999, Tuesday, Public Program in Athena

 ------------------------------------------------

 Dear brothers and sisters:

 Recently a number of Sahaja Yogis have had the unpleasant experience of 
 receiving anti-sahaj email messages from people who are against Sahaja 
 Yoga. Unfortunately, a few people who would like to trouble us have 
 gotten access to the email addresses of some Sahaja Yogis. The same group 
 of two or three people is responsible for all of this activity and their 
 biggest desire is to provoke a reaction in us, so if you receive one of 
 these messages, please give it as little attention as possible. Please do 
 not respond to these messages or get into any controversies with these 
 people. A collectively written and approved message is posted regularly 
 on the newsgroups sponsored by these people in which we make a clear and 
 positive statement about Sahaj, so that seekers who visit these 
 newsgroups have a chance to hear the true story about us.

 Aside from these postings, we would like to encourage everyone not to 
 feed these people's fire by responding. In fact, the vibrations of these 
 messages are so bad that you may want to just delete them without reading 
 them at all!

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 The Sahajnet Team 

 ------------------------------------------------

 Date: Thu, 16 Sep 1999 17:41:42 -0400 
 From: Manoj Kumar, USA <manoj_kumar@merck.com> 
 Subject: Vanadevi - Ayurvedic Health Products 

 Dear brothers and sisters,

 With the guidance of Shri Mataji, Sahaj Yogis in India have now come out 
 with many new Ayurvedic Health tonics and products. The products are made 
 under the name "VanaDevi" (The Goddess of the forest). Shri Mataji has 
 given personal guidance for these herbal combinations. Most of the herbs 
 used in these products are grown by Sahaj Yogis using vibrations. These 
 products will be available for purchase in Cabella on the weekend of Shri 
 Ganesha Puja, 1999. If you desire, please arrange with someone who is 
 attending Shri Ganesha Puja from your country to purchase some of these 
 products. Here is the list of available products: 

 1. BODY COOLANT - Effective against eyes burning, hot liver and burning in 
 urinary channel, toothache and piles. Tones up liver to improve digestive 
 system. 
 2. PILES CURE - One unit of powder assures cure against moderate/semi severe 
 attack. 
 3.GUM TONIC - Gives relief from bleeding gums, puss formation, 
 swelling of gums and toothache. Removes bad breath. 'Vajradanti' and twenty 
 other herbs used. 
 4. GOOD NIGHT - Works effectively on Insomnia, mental stress and fatigue. 
 brings back freshness, energy and vigor. 
 5. HEART TONIC - Helps to clear blocked heart valves. Weak heart causing 
 palpitation turns in to a strong heart. 
 6. STOMACH SOOTHER - Controls Diarrhea, stops colic pain, gas formation, 
 swelling of intestine and acidic condition. 
 7. WORMKILLER- Eliminates infection of worms in intestine. Tones up 
 digestive system. 
 8. ANTI DIABETES - Reduces blood and urine sugar drastically and helps 
 attain normalcy with bland diet and stress free life. 
 9. STRESS RELIEF- Removes mental stress and strain tiredness and depression. 
 10. ANTI ASTHMA - Effectively used to eliminate asthmatic attacks. 
 11. MASSAGE BLAM- Repetitive application of the cream gives quick relief 
 from muscle pull, sprain and swelling of bones. 
 12. ANTI ARTHRITIS- This lingering disease is brought under control by 
 application of this cream on affected parts of body. 
 13. ANTI PIMPLES - The application of this cream makes the roughness and 
 pimples vanish. 
 14. COLD BALM - Used against headaches caused by common cold. Helps clear 
 nose block. Also effective on children. Used in Hot water fomentation. 
 15. (FOR COLD) PAIN BALM - To be used by adults. Irritates on applicationbut relieves pain. 

 ------------------------------------------------

 NOTE FROM MARK: The following is a request from the Bulgarian Collective to
 invite the Sahaja Yogis to participate in an art project that may be a way for
 us to spread vibrations on the subtle level in Bulgaria.

 Reply-To: <madara@bas.bg> 
 To: "Mark Mays" <sahajnet@halcyon.com> 
 Subject: Re: exhibition of children's post-cards 
 Date: Sat, 11 Sep 1999 15:50:19 +0300 

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Sahaja yogis, 
  
 An exhibition of children's post-cards for the year of 2000 will take 
 place in Sofia-Bulgaria. The exhibition is organized by foundation for 
 cross-cultural contacts Madara - Bulgaria, under the patronage of 
 Bulgarian Ministry of Education and Science.

 We suppose, it is a good idea, that post-cards from children of Sahaja 
 yogis from different countries of the world, be presented at the exhibition. 
  
 Love from Bulgaria 
  
 Stefania 


 Here is the text:
 Foundation for cross-cultural contacts MADARA - BULGARIA Official member of 
 Planet-Society UNESCO 
 Program "Culture of Peace"
 International exhibition: "My best wish for XXI century"

 Aim 
 To widen the circle of joy and happiness around the world. To do this 
 through the exchange of postcards showing simple designs and containing few 
 words as a way of forming bridges between different groups of people; 
 children and adults alike.

 We are holding this exhibition as one event of the 2 000 Culture Program 
 and are calling for post cards from all over the world. Once again we wish, 
 through post cards, to extend the circle of friendship between countries 
 and regions all over the world.
 Exhibition: 1) Based on a theme board enough for anyone to participate 
 Particulars: 2) There will be no prize for exhibited works, although all 
 submissions will be displayed. 
 3) 600 of the works will be published in color together with a list of the 
 artists names.
 Theme: "My best wish for XXI century" 
 This theme may be interpreted in any way. For example "Something bright and 
 shiny within my heart", "Something dreamed of"; "Something cared for 
 greatly"; "A message for the world" "Everything is beautiful in its own way"etc. 
 (It is not essential that the words and picture agree completely with each 
 other, in fact words alone may suffice. The subject matter is not 
 restricted in anyway.)
 Participants: 
 Infants, Elementary and Junior High School students and any other 
 interested party.
 Submission period: 
 1.October 1999- 15 January 2 000
 Exhibition details 
 The exhibition will be held from April- May in Sofia's big exhibition hall. 
 All the post cards will be exposed and the exhibition will be opened to 
 public free of charge.

 Specification: 
 Dimensions - postcard size 
 Materials - water colors, oil paints, inks, crayon, pencil - anything! 
 Don't forget other medium which can be sent in letter form, such as 
 collage, pressed flower arrangement or cloth etc.
 Adress to send your post-cards: 
 Foundation Madara - Bulgaria 
 "Maritza"str. No. 10 
 Sofia 1505 
 Bulgaria
 Method of sending: 
 One entry per person! 
 On the back of your submission please, write clearly your name, age and 
 address. If sending as a group, f.ex. the entries of an entire school or 
 class, please enclose a list of the artists names and please feel free to 
 use a single envelope. 
 If this is not done clearly it could lead to difficulties in forwarding to 
 you further details if your post-card is published. 

 ------------------------------------------------------- 

 Date: Thu, 16 Sep 1999 17:48:04 -0400 
 From: Edward Saugstad, USA (almost) <101451.177@compuserve.com> 
 Subject: "Green Card Lottery" 

 Dear Sahaja Yogis,

 JAI SHRI MATATJI! 

 In case there are any sahaja yogis out there who would just love to come 
 and help out in the VISSHUDHI, there is a genuine possibility to get a visa 
 to live in the U.S.A. through the Green Card Lottery (DV-2001). Entries 
 must be received by the appropriate address between Oct.4 and Nov.3, 1999! 
 This costs nothing if you do your application yourself (very simple!). The 
 government web-page with detailed info. is: 
http://travel.state.gov/dv2001rl.html 

 Good luck, and see you all soon in the land of Shri Krishna!

 Edward. 

 ----------------------------------------------------

 NOTE FROM MARK: I was informed by a Sahaja Yogi that an SY file
 he received, SHRIVIRA.DOC has the virus W97M/CLASS.

 Also, below is another viewpoint on how to deal with PC viruses.

 Date: Tue, 07 Sep 1999 15:13:47 -0400 
 To: sahajnet@halcyon.com 
 From: Rene Ojeda, USA  <ojeda@duq.edu> 
 Subject: viruses/Mcafee 

 Dear Sahaja Yogis,

 The Macafee anti-virus downloads are *fully * functional (as per their 
 webpage): this means that they will remove ["clean"] viruses and will do 
 so throughout the trial period. After the trial period, one needs to buy 
 the software in order to get the updates (or to continue to get the 
 updates--that is, should they have been available during the trial period).

 A virus protection program should have the most recent updates--a three 
 month window is far too large a window for updates. Unless one can set 
 ones anti-virus program to "automatic update", one should go to the updates 
 webpage for virus protection *every* day--this is basic computer "hygiene". 
 One can bookmark the page. It will usually take less than a minute to 
 check for any new updates--time well invested. Taking care of ones 
 computer's anti-virus needs on a daily basis should be *standard operating 
 procedure*. Otherwise, one risks losing data, one risks irreparable damage 
 to ones computer hardware, and one risks spreading viruses to other 
 unprotected users. 

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 Rene' 



SY News - 21401.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 More news for you to enjoy!

 * Knowledge of Reality (KOR) Update
 * Request from Belgium
 * A photograph with vibrations
 * News from Nepal
 * Journey to the New Jerusalem (a story)

 Much love and all the best from your brother Mark

 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: Ramesh Manocha <R.Manocha@unsw.EDU.AU> 
 Date: Fri, 13 Apr 2001 14:13:21 +1000 
 Subject: A note from the Knowledge of Reality Team

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 You may already know of the Knowledge of Reality magazine which is a 
 publication that seeks to bridge the gap between SY and the non-SY public
 It receives strong support from Shri Mataji and is an ongoing project of 
 the Australian Collective.

 One of the difficulties we have experienced is that while there is strong 
 support within the various collectives around the world for this 
 publication many yogis still don't know about it. Also, when yogis 
 sucbscribe, we often find it difficult to track them down as they often 
 change address etc.

 We will put an occasional "Knowledge of Reality Update" using sahajnet, 
 perhaps with a link to the website. This would help us spread the word about the 
 magazine and also be invaluable in tracking down those yogis who have subscribed 
 but have changed address etc. We would not put anyone's specific names in the update 
 but we would remind people that if they have not received their latest copy 
 of KOR then they should contact us etc.

 The magazine is very popular and Shri Mataji has reccommended that all yogis 
 should read this magazine. So we hope all of you can help us bring this to fruition
 by telling everyone about the Knowledge of Reality magazine. Please visit our webiste
 at www.kor.org to learn more about the magazine and how to subscribe to it.

 thanks 

 The Knowedge of Reality Team 

 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: "Anthony Headlam" <ankheadlam@hotmail.com> 
 Subject: Re: SY News - 30/3/01 
 Date: Thu, 19 Apr 2001 15:00:56 +0200 

 Dear Brothers and Sisters,

 Have any of you been involved in spreading Sahaja Yoga in prisons, youth 
 detention centres or such like? If so please could you share your 
 experiences with us here in Belgium, where we are trying to start a project 
 up with a youth detention centre. 

 We would really like to give Sahaja Yoga a positive image here in Belgium 
 so all your contributions of bandhans, emails and attention will be received 
 with great delight and joy by your family here. 

 with love from Katie and Marie-Luc 

 please contact us on ankheadlam@hotmail.com

 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

 NOTE FROM MARK: I have attached a reduced size of ANANDA TANDAVA to this email. I hope the 100K size hasn't caused too much trouble for anyone. I don't normally attach graphics because all the returned emails create many duplicate files on my hard drive. For the future, I have received permission from the Sahajnet Team to create a web site for posting all these wonderful photos everyone sends me. So please keep them coming, they have not disappeared into the ethernet and shall someday find their way to an SY on-line photo album for everyone to enjoy and download if they like. I will be creating the web site in my "free" time so please be patient. Jai Shri MatajI!


 Fri, 13 Apr 2001 07:23:16 -0700 
 From: "sayed harish raza" <ctnindia@hotmail.com> 
 Date: Fri, 13 Apr 2001 14:23:15 -0000 

 ANANDA TANDAVA 

 dear sahaja yogis 

 Jai ShriMataji...

 In the body of virata there are some precious jewels about whom SHRI MATAJI 
 often talks about. One of such soul is late Mr. Harichandra KOLI from 
 alibaug, India. 

 Little do yogis know about this great soul who is no longer amongst us. The 
 man who stopped rain and storm while he was on his way to give realization. 
 During the last birthday pooja speech Mother again remembered him. 
 My association with this great soul was very close and he is one of the 
 major factors which helped me to stabilise in sahajayoga. His method and way 
 of explaining was very humble and simple and would penetrate directly into 
 my being.Honestly i felt something great about this soul although i never 
 knew that he was the great soul whom Mother always praised and even visited 
 their temple like house in Alibaug. Mother in eighties has blessed this 
 family and there were some new year poojas held in alibaug on their premises 
 close to sea.
 During Her stay in alibaug one day Mother saw a small printed painting and 
 asked Koli uncle about the significance of the painting and from where did 
 he get it...
 Koli uncle in all his humility said that After realization he had thrown 
 away all pictures and paintings from his house except this one, reason 
 unknown to him he put that painting in the bathroom which was attached to 
 the room of Shri Mataji.
 Mother then explained the significance of this painting that 
 All the dieties are absolutely happy and joyous and are dancing in ecstasy 
 (ANADA TANDAVA) because ADISHAKTI has come to the earth. Further, Mother 
 explained that how did the artist(unknown till date) come to know that 
 Adishakti would come to the planet.The joy of all the dieies can be seen and 
 even the nature along with animals are dancing so as to express their 
 jubilance over the arrival of ADISHAKTI. 
 She said that this is very important painting, very beautiful and full of 
 vibrations and every Sahajayogi should have a copy of this in their house.
 Initially Mr. Koli made postcard size photograph and distributed them to 
 people today after eighteen years again we have digitally corrected the 
 painting and restored it to its original hues. We shall distribute copies of 
 this painting during sahastrara pooja and request all the country leaders to 
 take them for distributing them in their country. 
 Let by the blessings of ADISHAKTI this cosmic dance of shiva bestow 
 auspiciousness and joy in every house it is put in.
 JAI SHRI MATAJI... 
 italian collective

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Some Sahaja news as recd. from Nepal:
 Public Programs in Nepal: between 
 28th May to 31 St May many Self realization 
 programs were conducted in Katmandu.

 Hotel Yak & Yeti: One program was 
 arranged for Top Govt. Officials and Politicians in Katmandu in the 
 conference hall of this Hotel. 
 This was highly successful Program 
 and all felt Cool Breeze. School program: In a big , 
 prestigious school of Katmandu.

 This Sahaja Program was conducted where around 1200 
 Children (6 Th Standard and upwards) got self-realization. 
 After the Realization process some of the Children came to 
 the dais and explained their experience about Kundalini awakening. One child 
 narrated that "he felt some ICE-CUBE moving upward in the spine and it 
 exploded in to cool breeze in the head". 

 Many other kids shared similar beautiful experiences. 
 One teacher of the school is already in Sahaja and school 
 management has accepted to take Weekly Sahaja 
 sessions as official curriculum. 

 VCDs of Mother's speech are given to 
 the school for further sessions. In one more special program of Self 
 Realization around 35-40 more top dignitaries got their self realization.
 JAI SHRI MATAJI

 From: "Girish Agarwal" <mr_gossiper@y...> 
 Date: Sat Apr 7, 2001 5:22pm 
 Subject: celebration time
 Hello friends

 Jai Shri Mataji

 Yesterday on 7th April we celebrated 
 our mothers 54th marriage anniversary. On the same day in 1947 
 Shri Mataji and Sir C.P.Shrivastava got married in Delhi.
 Stage was decorated with lots of 
 flowers .Shri Mataji came at Nirmal Dham from her new house in Palma vihar. 

 On Shri Mataji's arrival Delhi yuva 
 Shakti did beautiful Fire -works. First Delhi yuva shakti performed 
 some bhajans, then came the vadali brothers(from vadalli in amritsar in 
 Punjab).they are classical Kawwals from patiyala gharana. They 
 presented some beautiful classical kawwalis in the lotus feets 
 of Shri Mataji. 

 Then Sir.C.P.Srivastava also said some words in praise of our mother, 
 such as Shri Mataji is as radiant as she was in 1947. he also said 
 that her love is immense and equal for all be it her family members 
 or all the Sahajayogis. He also told us a story which showed such a 
 good and non-demanding wife she was. 

 In her speech Shri Mataji stressed on pureness in Sahaja yoga. Mother 
 said that we are in Sahajayoga not to make money but for our 
 spiritual ascent. we have to be perfect instruments. Mother said we 
 should learn to enjoy every moment in our lives, and mother even 
 appreciated dance of little girls, they danced on "dama dam mast 
 Kalandar". 

 Mother we enjoyed the whole program. 
 She blessed us with a lot of blessings. And there was dinner for 
 each and everyone present out there.
 So in this way we celebrated our mothers anniversary.

 JAI SHRI MATAJI

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: "Corinne Schwers \(Vidya\)" <corinnevidya@yahoo.com> 
 Subject: journey towards new jerusalem 
 Date: Sun, 8 Apr 2001 21:59:39 +0200 

 To be enjoyed and shared (thanks to Ken from UK to have corrected the grammar and spelling) 
 Vidya (Corinne - Belgium) 


 There were three brothers, on their journey to the Absolute Truth, seeking the New Jerusalem. At the beginning of this journey, they  saw three roads… the one on the left was quite bare and stony, shady and cold. The one on the right was sandy and clean; full of hills, without any trees… both roads seemed quite difficult to take, as it was not possible to really know where they were leading, as both were very sinuous. The third one, between them, was straight and beautiful, but was out of reach… that path was as if floating on the air… and they couldn’t see how to take that path… 
So they thought that maybe, by taking the left one or the right one, they could some day cross the centre path and enter into the New Jerusalem.
 They looked to each other and decided that one of them would take the right one, another would take the left… and the third one said: “I will wait here for you… trying to find a way to the central path which seems the most suitable to lead us to our goal, the New Jerusalem. Let’s meet again in one year and one day… and if no one comes back I’ll try to find you and I’ll tell you if I’ve found the way to the central path.”

So said, so done.

 The eldest brother took the right path, the second brother took the left path and the youngest stayed there under a beautiful tree and started spontaneously to meditate.

 The eldest started to walk on that strange path… under the sun, it was very hot, and there wasn’t any shade to protect him, but by willpower he wanted to continue. While he was climbing the hills that were becoming bigger and bigger, he met a small man with a smiling face who asked, “What are you looking for?”  The eldest answered, “I want to get to the central path, and I feel I should strengthen my willpower, because the path I took is very difficult - but I won’t give up, I will do it.” 
 “I will show you how to get powers,” said the small man, “which are called siddhis… it will give you the power to cure people, to manipulate people, to fly, to create objects from nothing… it may help you in your seeking.”
 “Oh yes, I guess it will make me strong enough to reach the central path and reach New Jerusalem… Then I can go back to my brothers and teach them, become their guru in order to lead them also there.”  He started to study, and soon, he was able to fly astrally, to use the power of spirits, to cure people, but never could he fly high enough to join the central path… and it was making him angry.  So, he was curing people, and was very proud of it, because he was able to make them feel good, and he was feeling very powerful and spiritual. He was wondering why God didn’t help him more to reach the New Jerusalem. He couldn’t forgive God who was not helping him, when he was making so many efforts by helping people, by flying in his astral body using the nice warm energy he could find on this path. 
 One day, he arrived at a certain point on the mountain, where he started to see the future.  So he thought, “Ha! Now I will soon arrive at the New Jerusalem!”  But all he could see in the future was destruction and wars… and later on he could see the three paths joining and felt, “Ah, here we are, I will now be able to take the central path to reach New Jerusalem.”  
However, a strong man was guarding the door at the crossing point. The gate was so narrow, and he was wondering how he could go through. 
 The guardian asked, “Do you forgive everyone?”
 “No!” said the eldest, because many people wanted to overpower me during my journey! They don’t even have the powers I have!”
 “Do you forgive yourself?” asked the guardian.
“No!” he replied, “I am angry at myself, because apparently I was not able to get enough power to get directly into New Jerusalem.”
The last question the guardian asked was “Can you ask God for forgiveness?”   
“Why ask him for forgiveness?” he exclaimed, “I haven’t done anything wrong! He should ask me for forgiveness to have made me believe that path could lead me to New Jerusalem.” 
 “So I am sorry… you cannot pass through the door. Come back when you have the power of forgiveness, innocence and humility.” By the strength of those words, the eldest brother fell down and lost consciousness… to find himself in the same place he had left one year before.

 The second brother took the left side. It was a very humid path, with dead trees, and the sun was not shining at all - only the moon was there, showing the way. He was feeling very sad on that way, and memories of his childhood and previous lives were coming back. Then, numerous dead spirits went to him and said, “We can help you to find the way to New Jerusalem.” and the second brother said, “Oh yes, I would like that… I am losing courage on the way and I need to be helped.  I cannot do anything by myself; I’ve lost all desire…” So the spirits were doing everything for him, and he started to take alcohol to get more courage to continue walking. The spirits were leading him somewhere he didn’t know, his will was completely dominated by their will, and he was happy because of that. He didn’t desire to guide himself, as he was feeling so powerless. He was also feeling very guilty to have left his younger brother alone at the beginning point, but he had no energy at all to go back… he didn’t know who he was and was walking aimlessly, with lassitude.  He was losing peace, and couldn’t get any satisfaction. He was starting something and never finishing, and sometimes was feeling like he should stop his life. Of course the dead spirits were telling him that that was a good idea, and that they would be very happy if he would join them, but even for that he didn’t have energy… He was trying to pray, to be very devoted to God so that He might help him to reach that uncertain goal that was the New Jerusalem, but couldn’t really have pure desire… and nothing was quenching him. And the path was becoming more and more heavy… and more and more freezing… 
After a long walk he arrived at the same door as his brother… and the gatekeeper asked him, “Are you willing to forgive everyone?”
 “I don’t know,” said the second brother, “if I am able to do so…I have no desire to do anything.”
 “Do you forgive yourself?” asked the gatekeeper.
“How could I forgive myself?” exclaimed the second brother, “I left my younger brother all alone there… I gave up everything and nothing happened… I couldn’t even have the desire to join the central path, and I guess I won’t be able now to go through that narrow gate.”
 “Can you ask God for forgiveness?” asked the gatekeeper.
“How can I?” asked the second brother, “I am so faulty, how would I dare to ask for forgiveness, as I made so many mistakes on my path to Him. I don’t deserve His love.” 
 “So,” said the gatekeeper, “it is not the moment for you to pass through, when you are able to forgive yourself without feeling guilty, to forgive others and to ask for forgiveness, being confident of God’s endless forgiveness, you will be able to come back and cross the door.” And so the second brother fell asleep and woke up at his starting point.

 There, at the starting point was the youngest brother, sparkling with joy. He asked them, “Did you find the way to the New Jerusalem?”  
“No,” said the eldest, “the gatekeeper had the arrogance to tell me I should be more humble and forgiving.”
 “No,” said the second, “I have been such a bad person… I didn’t merit God’s Grace.” And both of them told their own story.
 They then asked to the youngest brother, “And you, did you find it? Your eyes are sparkling, and you seem so joyful!” 
 “Yes,” said the brother. “Listen.”
 “For one year, I looked at the central path and felt that I should have true desire to get it. I made a lot of effort to do it… but nothing happened.  I then decided to surrender to God’s will and just started to pray to God, ‘Please lead me on your central path…’ Then a beautiful lady appeared before me…smiling, loving, peaceful, and so wise.  She said, put your hands towards me, palm upwards, and ask with pure desire and innocence, in the deepest part of your heart : “Please Mother, lead me to the New Jerusalem and let me realise who I really am.”  I did so and suddenly a cool breeze started to flow spontaneously, filling the space between the tree and the path, so I could follow the path.  It was a joyful and peaceful path on which I learned who I was within. I realised I was the Spirit, which is the reflection of God. I realised that God is my Mother and Father and that they are taking care of me, giving me full security and confidence.  I could then forgive everyone, even my worst enemies, feeling that they were also children of the Divine, even if they were taking wrong paths.” I could also forgive myself, for example, for having let you go on such a dangerous path as yours. I could ask for forgiveness from God and I felt within myself His endless forgiveness…”
 “I came humbly to the gatekeeper, and very lovingly, he let me go through the narrow gate. I entered New Jerusalem. I could see many people there, with very sparkling eyes. I felt there the love, the compassion, and the bliss that God wants to give us. He said to me, “Go down and share that experience with human beings, with your brothers who have taken very dangerous paths of life… you are not different from other human beings, but you can now feel that everything is within you. Each time you meditate, your inner Mother will blow the wind and lead you towards us in the New Jerusalem and each time you will experience the same silence of thoughts, the same bliss, the same peace.”
 “When I opened my eyes, I was still under that tree and realised that I never left the tree, and that everything that happened was within myself.” 
 “Would you like to experience the truth?” asked then the younger brother.
 He said to his elder brother, “You must surrender your ego to God and forgive everyone, and ask him for forgiveness to have doubted His powers on your way, to have been so arrogant and loveless.”
He said to his second brother, “You must surrender you superego to God, and forgive yourself, and ask for forgiveness for not having been what you thought He wanted you to be. Not to feel guilty and take responsibility for your actions.” 
 “Both of you,” the younger brother said, “just feel the presence of the Spirit within you, as you are sparks of the Divine. Let His all-pervading love penetrate your heart and fill all the needs of your being. Let the peace enter into your heart and lead you into thoughtless awareness. Forgive. Forgive and find your innocence within yourself, which has been hidden for ages. Forgive yourself and others, and try to be humble so you can feel that God really loves you, whatever you may have done.”
Both of them, after some time started to feel the cool breeze blowing… feeling in their being unconditional love, and the Silence within. They could have a sight of the New Jerusalem, where everyone has sparkling eyes and open heart.


 6-04-01

Congratulations on a wonderful story.
 Ken

SY News - 21800.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Some belated but still worthy news for you to enjoy!

 * Offer to work for puja dollars
 * New address for Divine Cool Breeze subscriptions
 * How to contact French yogis
 * Thanks for Magic Flute from Canajoharie High School
 * Sahaja Yogis take Magic Flute to New York

 All the best,

 Mark

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: "Pushki's library" <book-shm@nursat.kz> 
 Subject: For all eoropean s.y. 
 Date: Tue, 23 May 2000 15:01:28 +0600 

 Hello, dear brothers and sisters! 

 We, sahaja yogis from kazakhstan, have a nice idea. We don't have many opportunities go on international pujas or tours becose of our weak nabhi and low level of material wealth. We have to work hard during a year to collect for going to Ganapatipule or to Cabella. But we are good masters in the building construction. So, may be this year somebody of you want to build home, or to repair your own flat or office. We can make it for you with good quality and do it quickly. So you will have a nice new-repaired house and good vibrations. And it will be cheaper cost for you than if you use specialists from your own country. For you it will be a good chance for you to enjoy our work and meet with us. We are 4 good boys who are working with ceramik tiles, marmor, wall paper etc. So, if you are interested in this idea, please, send us your offer. We hope on your help, and want to be with you more often.

 With respect sahaja builders from Chimkent /Kazakhstan/ 

 With love,

 Dima bondarenko

 --------------------------------------------------------------

 From: AnandShika@aol.com 
 Date: Tue, 30 May 2000 15:38:39 EDT 
 Subject: DCB Address Change 

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 By the blessings of our Great Mother we moved to a new house. As I'm currently handling the DCB subscriptions it will be great if you can send subscription requests and address changes to the new address for Divine Cool Breeze subscriptions:

 Anand Joshi
 4341 East Meadow Drive, 
 Duluth GA 30096
 USA
 and our phone no is: 1-770-368-0033

 Regards,

 Anand Joshi

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Jai Shri Mataji !

 Due to recent difficulties with email lists, France has choosed from now onwards not to spread the complete list of email adresses. So, for contact facilities with us, we suggest you to use the only two following addresses :

 Majid Golpour (leader)
majid.golpour@vndsy.asso.fr

Jean-Michel Touitou (email coordinator)
sahajnet-france@vndsy.asso.fr 

 For any general purpose/request/contact, you can write to the above address (email coordinator) and to myself only for direct contact.

 Thanks for updating your contacts lists.

 Majid.

 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  High everybody 
  
  This is a mail from Don, who is the principal of 
  Canajoharie High School 

  wolfgang 
   
  Dear Gerald, 
  
  I hope that you and all of your friends had a  pleasant and safe trip 
  home. I continue to receive praise from all corners  on The Magic 
  Flute that you and your group produced. More  importantly, you will 
  never know how much fun it was for me to work with the TEV. 
  
  I have spoken with several community leaders about  the idea we 
  discussed in terms of providing our high school  building to your 
  organization as a Cultural and Meditative Center. 

  They are equally  enthusiastic about the notion. I do not mean to be 
  too pushy in  attempting to have your group explore this option, 
  but I would hate  to see the building torn down. Instead, I would 
  hope that it could  become a place where the arts and the practice of 
  yoga were  centered in the Mohawk Valley. 
  
  Everyone in our community was very impressed with  the nature of 
  the people they met during your stay. We would like  to have you 
  and your colleagues adopt our village as your home  away from home. 
  
  Please forward my note to others in your group. I  look forward to 
  hearing from Wolfgang, Englebert, and the rest. 
  
  By the way, my wife wanted me to add her gratitude  to mine for 
  your kind gift of the Calgary Boys Choir CD. She is  particularly 
  taken with the music and plays the CD constantly. 
  
  Don Bowden 
  
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Date: Thu, 10 Aug 2000 19:26:22 -0400 
 Subject: SAHAJA YOGIS TAKE THE MAGIC FLUTE TO NEW YORK! 
 From: Edward Saugstad, USA <edsaugstad@earthlink.net> 

 In the early hours of September 28th, 1791, candle-light still burned 
 dimly in a window above a cobble-stone avenue in the walled city of Vienna. 
 In his modest rooms at 790 Rauhensteingasse, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, the 
 greatest musical genius ever to grace the Earth, poured his heart and soul 
 into his beloved composition ŒDie Zauberfloete¹ (The Magic Flute). This 
 opera, a wholly unique endeavor conceived in German and for the common folk, 
 was due to premiere in a second-class theatre on the outskirts of the city 
 on September 30th ­ two days later. The proprietor, Emmanuel Schikaneder, 
 who had approached Mozart with the initial idea some months before, was now 
 prodding him to complete the work. Mozart had been interrupted by a 
 disappointing engagement for the monarchy in Prague, and was struggling with 
 deteriorating health. He now devoted his precious attention to the final 
 touches of his masterpiece, breathing life into some chorus parts and 
 manifesting the beautiful overture on this cool autumn morning. 

 Any anxiety that Mozart may have endured regarding public acceptance of 
 this work, vanished during that first performance. The audience, first taken 
 aback in silent amazement, soon abundantly expressed their delight. At one 
 point, a member of the orchestra, himself a composer, stood up and kissed 
 Mozart¹s hand. The master smiled at him knowingly, continuing to conduct the 
 orchestra with the other hand. Eventually, every musician in Vienna ventured 
 out to the Theater auf der Wieden to take in a performance of Die 
 Zauberfloete, and it even became fashionable for the elite society to 
 attend. 

 As Mozart lay sick at home in the following weeks, he was visited 
 regularly by his friends from the theatre company. They would, sitting 
 around his bed, sing with Mozart, pieces of his choice, as one of them 
 accompanied on the piano. (Little known to them, far away through the hazy 
 blueness of space, a new nation had just been born. Its first president, 
 George Washington, and other seekers of Truth, were presently working to 
 create a symphony of peoples living together in the highest ideals. In 
 eighteen years, another great soul, Abraham Lincoln, would be born to set 
 forth that noble cause.) 

 At one o¹clock Monday morning, December 5th, the Musical Genius broke 
 away from the burden of his thirty-five year old diseased body to fly 
 Homeward to rejoin the Heavenly Hosts.

 Two hundred and eight and a half years later, in a magical, divine 
 stretch of land near the East Coast of America, Tamino, the prince and hero 
 of the Magic Flute (Wolfgang from Vienna) can be seen rushing through the 
 bushes with a shovel in his hand. He must be hurrying to dig a trench around 
 his feeble, vinyl tent before the next summer morning cloud-burst. As the 
 dark air is filled with the gushing sound of falling water, we know his 
 efforts will be in vain. Not far off, Papageno, the jolly bird-catcher and 
 sort-of-hero (Robert from Prague) upon hearing the deluge thunder down on 
 his own tent, screws up his boyish face and pulls the top of his sleeping 
 bag over it. 

 We are witnessing the beginnings of one of the most important creative 
 adventures since Mozart put his quill to parchment, manifesting the first 
 notes of his masterpiece over two centuries ago:

 ~ SAHAJA YOGIS TAKE THE MAGIC FLUTE TO NEW YORK ~

 After months of individual efforts, everyone started landing with 
 pent-up enthusiasm in Paradise, in Canajoharie, inŠ in Mud. As the first 
 musical pioneers arrived by bus into the wet darkness there, they knew the 
 real training had just begun. In the short time leading up to the Premiere, 
 Mother Nature was bent on making masters out of them ­ detached, universal 
 masters who were capable of anything! Today, there still linger some vague 
 memories of that first night, trudging through the darkness in ankle-high 
 mud, lashed by the relentless rain, with a piece of stage-lighting equipment 
 in one arm and a child in the other. Mile after mile (or was it just half a 
 mile) from the road to the hangar across that ancient holy-land. 

 The first days of those two weeks of intense rehearsing included 
 on-going commuting: to the motel to shower; to the local high school 
 auditorium for international orchestra-rehearsal; to the camp to meditate 
 and eat. Only the stage-crew was a constant. An island in the storm. Piece 
 by piece, the work-of-art went up. Touch-up by touch-up, the stage-set came 
 to life. Night and day, its engineers toiled until there, in the hangar, out 
 there in the middle of nowhere, the magic setting of the Magic Flute stood 
 in all its glory! Gunther (from Prague and Vienna) and Mason (Seattle and 
 Vienna), assisted periodically by excellent helpers like Thomas and Jeffrey, 
 invested over two months of creative attention and unfailing physical 
 energy. 

 There were other inspiring figures in this unfolding, historic drama. 
 The ever buoyant (naughty?) face of the young conductor, ŒManny¹ Schultz, 
 the pinnacle of many generations of Austrian musical talent, could always be 
 seen shining in the center of the action. His parents, Walter and Inge, 
 recognized professionals in the field, also took part. His wife, Sissy, (and 
 later, his father) played first cello. His cousin, Engelbert (rumored to 
 have been a distant relative of Mozart in a past life!) was frequently 
 spell-binding the other members of the group by his versatile talents on the 
 glockenspiel. 

 On occasion, one could have the chance blessing of rounding a corner and 
 being swept up in the Divine Vibrations of the Austrian (and American, 
 Israeli, etc.) chorus as they practiced that which Mozart had so beautifully 
 created for them to express. And always to be found at the focus of their 
 attention was their tireless leader, Gerald (director of the Vienna Boys 
 Choir), who had magically created a world-class singing group out of the lot 
 of them. Best of all were the all-pervading Star Singers who could be heard 
 from a field of high grass, or a tool-shed or tent as they poured out their 
 heavenly streams of notes. Among them were a whole bunch of Swedes (the 
 entire Sahaja Yogi population of Sweden?) who never ceased to amaze 
 listeners by their virtuosity. Even in the solitude of sleep, we dreamt each 
 night of the multi-faceted diamond called the Magic Flute with its brilliant 
 singers, dancers, actors, musicians, and other artists. 

 Special mention must be given of the Director, Mr. Tilmann Krishna 
 Schillinger who can even inspire uplifting, creative visions in his viewers 
 as he brushes his teeth on the edge of a wind-swept field. And of course, 
 the second-in-command of Dramatic Wonders, Gita, who seemed to be everywhere 
 at the same time! (And an Austrian guy named Martin, a producer, supported 
 by his wife, Sita, who somehow managed, and professionally, to sing bass in 
 the chorus, play two or three parts on center stage, drive everyone around, 
 keep track of all the eighty members, and organize finances, almost at the 
 same time!) And no less, all those others (like Stephanie, Vanessa, Ursula, 
 Michi, Poorna, the Bellans, and the Leonis, and the enlightened musicians, 
 etc.) whose deeds of merit are already eternally registered in the heavenly 
 Akashic Records.

 The grand climax to all the efforts, all the smiles and tears, all the 
 obstacles and all the hopes, came far removed from the fresh, muddy reality 
 of the Sahaja Yoga campsite: It peaked on Friday, June 23rd, 2000, in the 
 other-worldly fable-land of New York City. The outcome of all that 
 rehearsing was about to present itself on stage in the Big Apple. As seven 
 p.m. approached and the Œme-me-me¹s and Œla-la-la¹s were becoming less 
 frequent back-stage, a whisper ran through the ranks: "Shri Mataji¹s here!" 
 Maybe there was never really any doubt that She, our Divine Mother, would 
 actually come in Person. But now the sight of Her through the chinks of the 
 stage decorations settling down into a seat in the middle of the theatre, 
 was the hope above all hopes miraculously answered for each member of the 
 company. 

 The house-lights dim, the conductor raises his baton, and it feels like 
 the world is about to change forever, like that legendary moment in Vienna 
 when the Master himself was at the podium. Even from backstage the famous 
 overture sounds new, vital and magical as it rises from our enlightened 
 orchestra. Then voices begin filling the air with waves of honey-tones. Time 
 passes and so do the many characters going to and from the stage and 
 dressing-rooms. Robert, in his bright feathers, moves slowly by with a 
 concentrated look on his otherwise happy-go-lucky face. The half of the 
 chorus sitting impatiently on this side listen for their cue. Karin from 
 Sweden (and later, Stella), looking wonderful and terrible in her robes and 
 make-up as Queen of the Night, takes her position backstage, ready to make 
 her entry. The others give smiles of encouragement and a powerful collective 
 bandhan for her to reach the high F in her aria (though no one, even for a 
 moment, doubts her amazing ability). Now the chorus assembles in place, all 
 eyes fixed on their conductor through the openings. Manny is a priceless 
 treasure. No one can get lost because he is mouthing everyone¹s lyrics while 
 he conducts! A life-saver! As the First Act draws to its glorious close, the 
 stage is filled with a great ensemble, every voice and instrument in joyous 
 harmony. 

 And so, similarly, do the events of the Second Act unfold ­ like those 
 in an intense, colorful dream. Backstage we see Monastatos (Goeran, brother 
 of Karin) hurry by, green-skinned, to cause some mischief in the drama. The 
 mighty guru, Sarastro (Thomas), goes out to bring order and light with his 
 powerful baritone voice. The chorus welcomes him into the temple. Tamino is 
 learning all his lessons well. Papageno is almost learning his lessons 
 (well,Š?). The evil-doers are punished. The heroes are rewarded. The 
 princess Pamina (Meta, and later, Dorthe) and Papagena (Theresa) take turns 
 melting all the hearts with their outstanding skills. There is singing and 
 singing and Vibrations flowing. Universal Love is victorious! Suddenly, it¹s 
 all over. The audience is applauding. The stage is full of Sahaja Yogis in 
 beautiful costumes, radiating joy and gratitude. The dream has come true. 
 Shri Mataji smiles down on Her children, and maybe there, among the heavenly 
 beings surrounding Her, Mozart himself nods with heartfelt appreciation. 
 And this is still the beginningŠ


By the Grace of Shri Mataji, all motivated Sahaja Yogis are expected to 
 further share Her precious message of Enlightened Creativity by performing 
 the Magic Flute in Los Angeles next year. Even the director of the high 
 school in Canajoharie where highlights were performed, and other local 
 residents, are urging the Sahaja Yogis to return to establish a permanent 
 base in their community. The prospects for spreading Sahaja Yoga through the 
 medium of the performing-arts are proving to be unlimited. So many hearts 
 and minds have been elevated by this production ­ of yogis and non-yogis 
 alike. 

 The greatest moments came then in Nirmal Nagari (Canajoharie) as all 
 performed for Shri Mataji, Her family, and hundreds of Realized brothers and 
 sisters. The act of expression, becoming so super-charged with the flow of 
 Divine Love, was an act of euphoria. The Heart of the Creator was really in 
 each action, bringing it to joyful fruition. The creativity became a 
 collective bond, enveloping everyone. No one wanted to be separated after 
 that. 

 The final word comes from a neighbouring farmer¹s wife who attended the 
 spectacle. As yogis stopped by to say good-bye a few days later, she 
 remarked: "It was wonderful! Who could have imagined something like that, 
 out here in the fields!" 
 (God could ­ and did.)

 With love, 

 Edward.


SY News - 23900.htm
 
Jai Shri MatajI!

 Dear Brothers and Sisters,

 Please enjoy the latest news.

 * Request from Divine Cool Breeze
 * 21 Institutions
 * Request for help at Trinidad & Tobago Fair

 Much love and all the best,

 Mark

 -----------------------------------------------------------

 Date: Tue, 29 Aug 2000 08:15:38 -0700
 From: Louisa Upadhya, USA <ulouisa@lycos.com>

 Dear Sahaja Yogis,

 If you have photographs which you feel would be suitable for the cover or
 to illustrate an article in the Divine Cool Breeze, please send a copy and
 / or a negative to the address below, along with the place and date of they
 are known. We welcome original illustrations, decorations, and border art
 (pen and ink reproduces best) and articles about Sahaja Yoga in your country.

 Send to:

 Anjan Upadhya
 8361 NW 7th St.
 Pembroke Pines, FL 33024
 USA
 Email: anjan@gate.net.

 love,

 Louisa

 ---------------------------------------------------------------

 From: GRABMAYER Anton <anton.grabmayer@it-austria.com
 Subject: WG: 21 institutions - AW: SY News - 30/8/00 - ADDON:
 Date: Thu, 31 Aug 2000 10:26:56 +0200

 Namaste !
 21 institutions offered at Sahasrara Puja 2000 by Philip.
 SMND said we also have to put our attention onto these topics.

 Nature
 nature and environment
 agriculture and farming
 handcraft and workmenship

 Society
 marriage and family
 education and training
 profession and career

 Economy
 economy and industry
 trade and service
 transportation and distribution

 Government
 politics and diplomacy
 military and police
 law and civil service

 Culture
 art and entertainment
 literature and film
 media and internet

 Progress
 research and invention
 science and technology
 medicine and philosophy

 JAI SMND !

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: "christian schneider" <tarakeshwara@hotmail.com>
 Subject: urgent request Trinidad&Tobago
 Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2000 10:46:53 GMT

 Dear brothers and sisters!

 Important!

 Divali stall at Trinidad and Tobago!
 from the 18th to the 26th of octobre!

 We need any kind of Help!!

 After a long time of silence some news about Trinidad and Tobago.
 It was very interesting and joyful that some Yogis from Trinidad met during
 the preparations for Shri Matajis arrivial in New Jersey Ashram. There was
 Shana designing the curtains for Shri Matajis room, there was Claire cooking
 for the Golden builders and Eve helping both of them. Tarakeshwara was busy
 working on Shri Matajis rooms.

 Tarakeshwaras family moved to Trinidad at about eastern to help to establish
 Sahaj there after previous programs made two times made by english yogis.
 There was only Claire alone to deal with it.

 So trough this collective effort it was possible to establish seven seekers
 in Sahaj and give them the confidence in our holy Mothers Love and
 strenghth. So during the time we have been in America helping with the Adi
 shakti pujapreparations they continued bravely the programs.

 But know it happened that we got a stall for Sahaja Yoga at the Divali Nagar
 in Trinidad for free! That is a big mixture of festival and fair. The stall
 is quite big 30 to 15 feet!

 And there are only this seven new Yogis there. That means we need a big
 collective effort to help them all out to give realisation for the time of
 one week!!

 They said that thousands of people attend the Nagar there. As there are
 about fourty percent of Hindus in Trinidad Sahaja Yoga will be very well
 known after this on the whole of the island.

 what do we need now?
 First a good bunch of brothers and sisters from all over the world to help
 out at the stall giving self realisation. The organizers also suggested that
 we perform some music are art there. So singers magic flutes musicians come
 forward!

 we need also: materials and informations about sahaja yoga in english
 language.

 panels with information about the chakras to hang on the walls maybe also
 miracle fotografs anything that can help.

 we need also anybody who can not make it at the time of the fair lateron to
 help with the follow ups.

 And anything else that comes into your mind and your heart and your nabhi
 (I guess you know what that means.)

 the dates are from the 18th to the 26th of octobre - that is quite soon.
 We got the reconfirmation of the stall only this week. So its very sahaj.

 By the way there is always a good chance to relax a bit in the paradise of
 the islands. Swimming diving sitting on the beach or in the calm turquois
 water of Tobago. Nature is beautiful there and enjoyable. Forget your
 pullovers and wool trousers at home!

 The people are very openhearted and simple. an amazing balance specially for
 western yogis.

 So please feel free and contact us as we need a lot of help there in the
 center of the visuddhi!

 British airways flies to Tobago daily from London.
 American Airlines and BWIA flies to Trinidad directly from different
 locations in America.

 The emailadress is:
 tarakeshwara@hotmail.com
 Fone:0043 2632 73284 fax 72408

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 Tarakeshwara. 

SY News - 25101.htm
 
Jai Shri MatajI!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Both sad and heartening news for you to share with your collectives. My
 apologies for
 the delay in getting you this news and length of this double (triple?)
 issue. Perhaps
 I indulged a little too long in my email holiday but am back and ready to
 go. All the
 best to you and your collectives this year in truely loving and inspiring
 each other
 to help achieve Mother's dream of global realization.

 Much love from your brother Mark

 * News of a departed leader in New Zealand
 * House in Fiji
 * News from Hong Kong
 * Christmas Puja recollections
 * Kalve Puja recollections
 * Music and meditation programs in USA
 * News from New Caldonia

 ----------------------------------------------------------------

 Date: Mon, 15 Jan 2001 21:19:17 +1100
 From: John Dobbie <esispl@optushome.com.au>
 Subject: For World News: New Zealand

 It is with a sad heart that we have to inform you that Geoffrey Allen
 Platford,
 leader of New Zealand, passed away on 22/12/2000. It was after a short
 illness with cancer. Shri Mataji was informed moments after his passing and
 expressed that Her attention is always there and everyone should give a
 bandhan for him.

 Our heart goes out to his wife Helen who has nursed him since the illness
 began and
 all the New Zealand collective who have lost a dear brother as have we all.
 Lets remember him in the way he lived and the dynamic quality he brought to
 Sahaja Yoga and the positive way he expressed life.

 The new co- leaders for New Zealand will be Hugh Frith, and Vanitha Munthree.

 -----------------------------------------------------------------

 Date: Sat, 13 Jan 2001 07:38:33 -0800
 Subject: house offer in Fiji
 From: Richard Payment <sahajnews@home.com>

 A family of Sahaja Yogis who live in Vancouver are making an offer to help
 with the spreading of Sahaja Yoga in their homeland of Fiji.

 Ram and Usha are the parents of the Nand family who will be renting a house
 in Ba (a town about a ninety minute drive from the Nandi International
 Airport of Fiji). They would like to make this house available to any
 Sahaja Yogis who would like to go to Fiji with the purpose of spreading
 Sahaja Yoga. There are currently a few established yogis living in Nandi
 and Ram and Usha would like to rent out the house first for six months.

 The house is being offered entirely rent-free. Visiting yogis need only pay
 for utilities, food, etc. This will certainly be a lot less than staying in
 a hotel and should allow more Sahaja Yogis to take part.

 For more information, please contact at 604 465-7356 or rnsnand@sprint.ca.

 -----------------------------------------------------------------------

 Date: Sun, 24 Dec 2000 05:10:48 -0800 (PST)
 From: Alex Henshaw <alex_henshaw@yahoo.com>
 Subject: Shri Mataji's Hong Kong visit

 Dear Yogis,

 We were very blessed this past weekend when Shri Mataji, on Her
 way back to Delhi, decided to stay 3 days in Hong Kong. As
 always there was a last minute race to arrange everything but
 all worked out in such a Sahaja way. At first we couldn’t get
 the confirmed ticket for Shri Mataji from HK-Delhi, and it
 looked as if it would not work out because the airlines were
 completely overbooked and not even taking a wait list. Luckily
 the regional director of Air India has been meditating for the
 past 11 months so he was able to pull some strings. The yogis in
 HK were so excited when the news finally came through that the
 tickets were confirmed, as it had been over 4 years since Her
 last visit. We managed to get one of the best suites in the
 Furama hotel where Shri Mataji stayed on Her last visit. Even
 getting the room for Shri Mataji had been a small miracle as
 most hotels were completely booked out as it is conference
 season in Hong Kong.

 The collective had recently held 2 large scale programs so it
 was like a blessing that Shri Mataji had come for all the
 efforts that had been put into the program. The programs had
 been very successful with over 270 seekers attending both
 programs and over 100 to follow ups. Shri Mataji’s beautiful
 face had vibrated the whole of HK on posters that we had put
 everywhere. The theme had been on Tao that is the natural method
 giving balance and harmony which is the same as Sahaja. Shri
 Mataji had suggested this be the approach as the Chinese
 understand this principle. The poster had Shri Mataji’s smiling
 face superimposed over an ancient Chinese painting of the
 Yangtze river that Lao Tse had written about. There were four
 Chinese characters in calligraphy which explained that Tao
 follows the principle or law of nature.

 (Shri Mataji has been on a trip along the Yangtze and had spoken
 about it at the Women’s conference in Beijing in 1995). The
 subtle beauty of the landscape is a reflection of the beauty
 within us all. The Chinese are very subtle and through this
 great Adi Guru Lao Tse have had a tradition of deep spiritual
 seeking over thousands of years.

 The moment had come and Shri Mataji’s flight had landed. It had
 been delayed over an hour which had given us more time to make
 the hotel suite perfect. The yoginis had transformed the plain
 suite into a palace -filled with beautiful flowers and delicate
 Chinese handicrafts. The hotel staff and been very helpful and
 they had been briefed on the the importance of Shri Mataji. All
 the yogis gathered eagerly at the airport to await Shri Mataji.
 We had arranged the duty manager to welcome Shri Mataji as they
 would not give any yogis clearance to go inside. Suddenly we saw
 Her shining face and She saw us and we were awash with
 vibrations and deep love. All the yogis came forward to offer
 flowers and Shri Mataji was very please to see so many Chinese.
 She said that she felt so much love for them and that they had
 been so sweet on the plane. She had flown Cathay Pacific
 accompanied by Sadhana Didi and they had the whole of first
 class to themselves. Five Chinese flight attendants had been
 fussing over them and Shri Mataji was full of praise. “They seem
 to recognize me” She said. Walking to the limousine Shri Mataji
 recounted Her visit to China and how much respect and love She
 had received during the Womens Conference and on a previous
 occasion with Sir CP. She mentioned that it was a shame that
 relations with India had soured over the years due to clashes on
 the Tibetan boarder with India.

 It was the first time Shri Mataji had seen the new airport and
 all the new roads and bridges that had been built. She commented
 on how modern HK was and how much it had changed since Her last
 visit. The flight to HK from LA was over 14 hours and with the
 delay She had been traveling for 15 hours but She looked so
 fresh. Sadhana Didi mentioned that Shri Mataji had not slept at
 all. Coming onto HK Island Shri Mataji and Sadhana Didi were
 amazed at all the tall buildings.There was very little traffic
 on the roads and we arrived to the hotel sooner than expected.
 Shri Mataji spent some time talking about America and how things
 were working out. She talked about the presidential election and
 said that George Bush was a better candidate as he was a simple
 man. He had send Shri Mataji birthday wishes for the past few
 years and She said that She would be able to work through him
 better than Gore. Gore, She said was a very complicated fellow
 and deceived the public with his image for the media. She also
 said that the Maha Maya aspect of the goddess had come into play
 the more She put attention on the presidential race that’s why
 there was so much confusion and debate.

 Shri Mataji’s feet and legs were paining after the flight and
 the vibrations were working out HK so She asked for them to be
 massaged. We had obtained a special healing tool form Russia
 called a Scenar (pronounced “scanner”) which sends a pulsed
 electric current to the nerves and then reads the response and
 adjusts the frequency again pulsing the nerves. These messages
 help reset the brain so that it has to retrace the neural
 pathways to the area being treated. When this happens it can
 make adjustments for the normalizing of the pain or diseased
 condition. The Scenar was developed for the Russian space
 program for the treatment of the cosmonauts in space. they are
 also using it on athletes competing in the Olympics. A Chinese
 naturopathic doctor - the brother of a HK yogini, who has had
 realisation - has been using the Scenar for treating his
 patients with incredible results. We were not sure what would
 happen working on Shri Mataji, so we explained the theory and
 She said “let’s see”. The Scenar has a number of settings with
 varying intensity. The higher intensity the stronger the current
 and hence the higher the sensation which can be a prickly
 feeling. On the higher settings it is impossible for people to
 tolerate. To our amazement Shri Mataji had the highest setting
 without feeling much. I could not even touch the contact plate
 without getting zapped and you certainly would not be able to
 stand this intensity. After working on the area for some time
 Shri Mataji said that the pain had subsided and the vibrations
 could again flow out of the feet. She explained that the problem
 began 2 years ago when She was taken to a hospital in Milan run
 by the mafia an Catholic Church. Sir CP had worried that She was
 in trouble and they had taken Her to hospital without Her
 consent. At the hospital they had given Her 8 injections into
 the thighs and abdomen on the left and right side. She is not
 certain what was in the injections but said they would have
 killed Her if She stayed in longer. Luckily David Spiro had a
 dream about Her and came to the hospital to take her home. After
 these injections She experienced that the vibrations stopped
 flowing and were obstructed which resulted in a swelling of the
 legs. This causes Her great pain and the only relief is for the
 yogis to massage her feet and legs. For the past 2 years She has
 also found it difficult to walk.

 It was a wonderful feeling that Shri Mataji could have some
 relief from the pain. She said that the Russians were very deep
 people and could develop such devices which were more subtle and
 could work something out on the vibratory level. She went on to
 explain that modern medicine was very gross and was not so
 suitable for yogis especially antibiotics and modern drug
 therapy as it could not cure the problem. We should use
 vibrations to solve these physical problems which can be cured
 permanently. She also said that yogis can use Ayuvedic,
 Homeopathic and other natural therapies which do not harm the
 body as an alternative to modern drugs. Of course the best is
 vibrations but we can also use other more complimentary
 medicine. She is taking nothing but natural Ayuvedic medicine
 now. After the treatment Shri Mataji felt tremendous relief and
 had a very good night’s sleep.

 The next day, Saturday December 9, we went shopping in the
 Central part of HK island. It is always a joy to be shopping
 with Shri Mataji and everything seems to be on sale and then She
 gets an even cheaper price. Yogis suddenly become great at
 bargaining and leave the shop keepers gasping and wondering why
 they had given such a discount. Seeing is believing! Shri Mataji
 is always working a lot out and there was a tremendous
 vibrational change around the areas where she had been. Central
 HK is the major financial hub for Asia so it is significant that
 the Adi Shakti was shopping here. She bought a lot of silk at
 Western Market where there are a many small stalls selling
 material. She managed to get a very cheap price for everything.
 In the afternoon She met with an old family friend for afternoon
 tea. He has had his realisation and has been very helpful to us
 in the past providing his car and driver for Shri Mataji.

 In the evening the yoginis had prepared a 12 course Chinese
 banquet in the Shanghainese style. Shri Mataji had requested all
 Chinese food as she said She preferred this to Indian as it was
 much lighter and easier to digest. We are blessed in our
 collective to have 2 very talented cooks: Mala, who can cook
 Indian and Chinese and Lily who is an excellent Chinese cook.
 They both managed all of Shri Mataji’s meals with the help of a
 team of yoginis. After dinner Shri Mataji was treated to a
 facial and back massage from Margaret Pai - a Chinese beauty
 therapist, and one of the first Hong Kong yoginis. Shri Mataji
 slept after this as.

 Sunday December 10. Shri Mataji went shopping in Stanley Market
 which is on the south side of HK island. This is one of Her
 favourite shopping places as it has a good variety and the
 prices are reasonable. One shop in particular, Tong’s Linen, is
 very famous for hand made table cloths and Shri Mataji likes to
 shop here. This time was no exception and She bought a number of
 table cloths, hand towels and place mats. The shop keeper always
 remembers Shri Mataji and is very respectful. He also gives us a
 very good discount. The fine linen embroidery is becoming more
 rare as less young people are carrying on in the traditional
 handicrafts in China. Eventually when the old craftspeople die
 their art will be lost. Shri Mataji selected the finest examples
 and commented that it is such a shame that they will not be able
 to keep making the same fine quality. She said it is important
 that we support the traditional handicrafts as they have are
 much better quality and will last much longer. She also bought a
 lot of silk shirts and cushion covers. All of the items
 purchased were gifts for people.

 After all the linen shopping we made our way through the narrow
 street. Throngs of people pushed past the yogis who formed a
 shield around Shri Mataji. Sunday is the busiest day as all the
 tourists come so it was very crowded. Shri Mataji bought a few
 more things including a cashmere cardigan, one of the rare
 occasions where She has purchased something for Herself.
 After shopping we had arranged a lunch for all the yogis at a
 Vietnamese restaurant close to the market. We all walked through
 the market to the restaurant which overlooked the bay and
 outlying islands. It was a perfect sunny day and the temperature
 was very mild. The yogis took up an entire floor and Shri Mataji
 sat at a table in the centre of the restaurant. It was a very
 joyous occasion and everyone really enjoyed the moment to be
 close to Shri Mataji. She really enjoyed the food which was many
 courses offering a wide variety of Vietnamese cuisine. After the
 food we presented Shri Mataji with gifts from the collective
 which included a book showing in pictures our recent public
 programs. She was very pleased with the response from the
 Chinese. Some of the children presented Shri Mataji with gifts
 and She gave them hugs and kisses. She also named the Chinese
 babies in the collective and as they were presented they each
 smiled at Her. It was such a wonderful time that no one wanted
 to leave. We had already been there for 3 hours and it was such
 a relaxing and joyous occasion. Sunlight streamed through the
 open windows which looked out over a calm sea. Everyone was
 thoughtless and in bliss in the presence of Shri Mataji and for
 a while time stood still. It was one of those sublime moments
 that you will remember for the rest of your life.

 After lunch we took Shri Mataji back to Central on HK island to
 do some more shopping. We went to another market which was also
 very crowded to buy some hand bags. Eventually Shri Mataji found
 the right shop and bought a number of leather handbags. She was
 very happy as all the shopping had been done so we went back to
 the hotel.

 We again worked on Her legs with the Scenar at the hotel for
 some time which seemed to relieve Her. Shri Mataji was able to
 take some rest for a couple of hours. When She awoke the yoginis
 had prepared another banquet which She really enjoyed.
 Monday had come too quickly and it was the day Shri Mataji was
 departing for Delhi. In the morning we sorted out all the
 shopping and packed all the suit cases. It is amazing how much
 you can fit into a Samsonite. All the packing went smoothly and
 was done within one hour. We served Shri Mataji lunch and had a
 relaxing time before the departure to the airport. Shri Mataji
 again spoke about how to work it out in China. She will write a
 book on Tao to help the Chinese understand the parallels with
 Sahaja Yoga.

 All to soon it was time to take the car to the airport. Shri
 Mataji thanked all the yoginis for looking after Her and Sadhana
 Didi so well and She gave them all presents. At the airport the
 yogis that could come had gathered to offer flowers and say
 farewell. We had some extra time so She stayed with the yogis
 and chatted. One of the small baby boys crawled forward to Her
 chair and touched Her feet. He clapped his hands and squealed
 with delight. It was so sweet to see how he recognised Shri
 Mataji. The time had finally come and Shri Mataji was escorted
 through the immigration. She waved goodbye to all the yogis and
 we all felt sad that She was leaving, and most of us had tears
 in our eyes.

 We rushed back to the hotel to clean up and enjoy the
 vibrations. The hotel had been very kind to give us more time to
 pack things up. Once everything was finished we sat and
 meditated. After this we had our Monday follow up program and
 the room was completely packed with 55 people. They all felt the
 cool breeze and complete silence, it was such a strong
 meditation. A very auspicious end to Shri Mataji’s visit to Hong Kong.

 Jai Shri Mataji.

 Alex

 ------------------------------------------------------------------

 Manishwar Singh, San Rafael, CA, USA
 manishwar@yahoo.com wrote:
 It was a nice tour and puja and a wonderful and blissful state of joy. Just
 the very next day of landing in Bombay I left for GP, struggling with
 jetlag and travel tiredness...but it was a great enriching experience.

 INDIA TOUR....GANAPATIPULE (Notes...as remembered...please forgive me for any
 mistakes/points missed or noted wrongly...)

 12/23 6:00 pm: Music/visual programs: In nirakar presence of Shri Mataji.

 12/24 7:00 pm: Music programs: In the divine presence of Shri Mataji.

 12/25 6:00 pm IST Christmas Puja:

 1. Jesus Today's day is important because we all believe that today is
 Jesus's birthday. However we know very little about Him because he left the
 place where he was born very early. He was born under very poor conditions
 to show that for spiritual ascent you do not need bodily comforts. He
 opened the Agnya by giving his life though it was not at all difficult ofr
 him to do so as he was Son of God. He had 12 disciples all of whom were
 selected by Jesus, who worked so much that Christianity has spread so much
 today. We have so many Sahaja Yogis, who also can do a great job as they
 all have their realization achieved. Jesus had gone to a marriage where he
 created/transformed water to "wine" - (word "wine" in Hebrew meant simply
 grape juice), which is not difficult at all and I can do it very simply.
 Now the Christians all over the world have taken this as excuse to drink
 wine both on joyous as well as mourning occasions. I think my vision is too
 great to be accomplished in a lifetime. My vision is to have Global
 Realization.

 2. Ego People's ego is really a very big problem for me. Ask yourself about
 your ego...if I tell someone then the ego gets hurt...or if I praise then
 the things get more worse. Forgive everyone completely...and do not
 react....ego itself has many reactions... You all come to Ganapatipule for
 your ascent and not on vacation...so look at the sky, surrounding,
 nature..enjoy them and witness them. Just think how big are they, and what
 are you compared to them and establish your witness state.

 3. Ganapatipule Earlier there used to be lots of complaints about the
 arrangements at GP, but now there are none. Things have improved a lot.

 12/26 7:00 pm: Music programs: In the divine presence of Shri Mataji.

 12/27 6:30 pm: Music programs: In the divine presence of Shri Mataji.

 12/28 7:00 pm: Music (Qwuallis) programs: In the divine presence of Shri
 Mataji.

 12/29 10:30 am: Haldi ceremony for brides and grooms.

 12/29 11:50 pm Marriage eve 7:00 pm : Ganesh Pujan for grooms 8:00 pm :
 Gauri pujan (There were about 57 marriages this time) Sir CP: I have been
 witnessing a heavenly gathering and heavenly music throughout the seminar.
 I just want to remind everyone that I have been married to your Mother for
 53 years and wish that they also remain happily married for such long
 period and all the great grandsons of all the newly (today's) Sahaja
 married couple have their marriage in the divine presence of Shri Mataji as
 She is eternal. Also your Mother would be 78 years old coming year and
 after two years She would be 80 and I want you all take vow to present
 before her 80 Million Sahaja Yogis on that great, auspicious day. Thanks
 and congratulations to all for arranging the program in such a professional
 manner. Please give me a moment to Thank my wife also for allowing me to
 come and attend the seminar.

 Warm regards, Manishwar Singh e-mail: manishwar@manishwar.com
 manishwar@yahoo.com

 -------------------------------------------------------------

 From: mihaela kumar <mihaela.pune@usa.net >
 Subject: Kalva Puja 2001
 Date: 3 Jan 01 20:05:01 MST


 Dear brothers and sisters,

 JAI SHRI MATAJI!

 well, on 31st of December we had a New Year Puja.it was very,very strong!
 The message of this Puja was TO SPREAD SAHAJA YOGA.
 Shri Mataji was in a very pleasant mood & She was in such a mood that She
 wanted to tell many things to sahaja yogis. in the beginning She said that ,
 this coming new year, is going to be very strong and dynamic for SYs[sahaja
 yogis].
 SYs should attend the collective meditation in any circumstances.
 they must go to meditation in collectivity. Paramchaitanya works through only
 collectively. SYs must spread Sahaja Yoga other wise it is useless to be as
 a sahaja yogi. they must go all out , they must do the work of Sahaj Yoga.
 She said
 that, all the powers are with you & you just go tell about Sahaja Yoga, it
 will work out automatically.again She said that , Christ had only 12
 disciples , but they spread the religion all over the world, and you sahaja
 yogis are in thousands & you have powers with you , why cant you spread Sahaja
 Yoga?

 And also She said that , this coming year will be very strong year for sahaja
 yogis and sahaja yogis should be very dynamic to spread Sahaja Yoga.Kali
 Yuga is finished now and Satya Yuga is started,those which are bad will be
 exposed,many miracles will happen, you will be amazed. And by doing sahaj
 yoga work ,simultaneously all yours problems will disappear automatically.
 You will get what you desire but for that you have to spread
 the Sahaja Yoga every were. We should not be afraid to spread Sahaja Yoga
 because we are protected by Shri Mataji and nobody can touch us.

 Also She said that , we should meditate regularly so that She will not have
 health problems and it will be very easy for Her to emit the powers.
 Again She talked on ego. We must introspect , we must solve our ego
 problems. Ego is basically coming from our conditionings (Superego) or by
 reacting(Ego). so, we should not react to any action, just try to be
 witness or to just
 watch the things with out reaction. Every day shoe beat the ego & clean
 yourself.

 Shri Mataji sad also about Maharashtrians ladies that they are going for
 haldi-kumkum and they are not talking at all about Sahaja Yoga they are
 talking about other different things .At this ceremony (haldi-kumkum) it's a
 very good time to spread, to tell everyone about Sahaja Yoga.

 We should not be attached with our family (my mother, my father, my brother
 ,my
 sister, my wife...) if they are not doing Sahaja Yoga (meditation) we should
 detach from them because they are in the different state (of evolution)
 then we are.

 Shri Mataji said also in Marathi language (almost the same thing), about
 spreading Sahaja Yoga, ladies should became more dynamic and to leave their
 chatting about sahaja yogis. Shri Mataji sad to avoid rituals in Sahaja
 Yoga (Mother gave an example how they are getting up in the morning at 4
 o'clock, than they are taking their bath, drinking their tea and than they are
 doing Puja which is ritual only).

 -------------------------------------------------------------------

 NOTE FROM MARK: The music and meditation program as described below
 will also be taking place on the West Coast of America in Los Angeles,
 Berkeley (San Francisco area) and Seattle on January 21, 28 and February 4.
 All your bandhans and attention are welcome.

 Music and Meditation

 Last month, on Sunday, December 10 at the Lutheran Church of Grace on the
 upper West Side of Manhattan, the yogis of the New York/New Jersey area
 presented a public program of Music and Meditation ­ admission free and open
 to all. Outside the church hung one of the hundreds of posters created for
 the event. The Divine Countenance of Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi radiated from
 the poster. “Music that will open your heart - Meditation that will
 enlighten your spirit” it read.

 Inside the church, we laid down a carpet from the ashram to decorate the
 floor of the stage ­ a carpet that Shri Mataji’s Lotus Feet had recently
 touched. Blessed with Her vibrations, it was no ordinary rug. That rug
 was now a magic carpet. Its magic flowed from the artists who performed on
 it and from the speakers who addressed the audience.

 The program began at 4 p.m. As the time came to begin the program, there
 was Standing Room Only for Sahaja Yogis. Our dream had come true. Our pure
 desire had been fulfilled. We had seats for 100 and filled each one of
 those seats with a seeker. It seems we have finally found a public program
 format that works in New York ­ Music and Meditation! The attendance was
 all the more remarkable considering that we had arranged the program on
 short notice with little time for postering and that it was scheduled during
 the holiday season.

 First to perform was Margareta Hillerud, better known to us as Meta Malik.
 Accompanied by Clelia Cavellaro on piano, Meta mesmerized us with her
 exquisite renderings of three Bach arias. The image of Meta standing so
 elegantly at the piano in her long, velvet dress was equaled in loveliness
 only by the purity of her soprano voice.

 By the time Meta and Clelia took their bows, the audience was electrified
 with vibrations. They listened attentively to Mark Taylor’s inspired
 introduction to Sahaja Yoga and explanation of the Self-Realization process.
 One could feel the desire to experience Kundalini awakening bubbling up
 from within the seekers.

 Next to ride the magic carpet were Steve Day on sarod, Matt Malley on Indian
 slide guitar and Rikhi Hambra on tabla. Before sitting down to play Matt
 took a few minutes to explain something important about himself to the
 audience - he found Sahaja Yoga 10 years ago, long before he found success
 as a rock musician. “Sahaja Yoga is much more important than success”, he
 told them.

 Steve Day explained that, although he had studied and performed many styles
 of music before he began to meditate, it was only through Sahaja Yoga that
 Indian classical music started to make sense to him. As he grew in Sahaja
 Yoga, his deepening appreciation for Indian music led him to the Sahaja Yoga
 Music Academy in India. At the academy he learned how yoga is inextricably
 linked to music. By listening to music through chakras, the Kundalini
 awakens.

“Tonight we will share with you this joyous way of connecting music and
 meditation”, Steve told the audience. And since “the raising of the
 Kundalini works best through singing”, Steve invited all in attendance to
 intone with him the seven notes that correspond to the seven chakras.
 Starting at Mooladhara and rising up to Sahasrara, in one voice seekers and
 yogis sang together the notes of the chakra scale. By the Grace of Shri
 Mataji, Self-Realization was given through music.

 A rousing session of bhajans provided the grand finale for our program.
 And, boy did that carpet work its magic on the yogis grouped together around
 the harmonium. As they sang “Jogawa”, you could almost see the carpet rise
 a couple of inches off the stage floor. Why, those yogis were floating!
 Lutheran Church of Grace swelled and swayed to the joy of the music. Even
 out in the lobby folks waiting on the long line outside the rest room were
 dancing and singing!

 --Ann Capozzoli
   New Jersey Collective

 -----------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: "Jean-Michel Huet" <hdarchitecture@hotmail.com>
 To: sahajnet@halcyon.com
 Subject: Diwali Puja Miracle photo + programs in New Caledonia
 Date: Mon, 01 Jan 2001 21:06:42 +1100

 - New Caledonia News -

 Recently I was sent to New Caledonia for some business. I took the
 opportunity to help the sahaj yogis to organise some public programs.
 A conference titled in the news paper as "Meditation, an effective way
 against stress" was announced for Wednesday 27 December at the hall where
 the regular meditations take place in Noumea.

 15 seekers joined the program, and all of them could feel the Silence of
 Meditation and hear about the advent of Sri Mataji.

 The next day, 7 of them came back for the follow-up program.
 Very open and joyfull people.

 The Noumea Collective comprises about 12 yogis with a core of half of them
 involved collectively in order to spray Sahaja Yoga actively.
 Christian and Mireille went to Los Angeles to attend to the Diwali Puja. For
 Christian, who came to sahaj in February, it was his first puja with Sri
 Mataji. He came back all transformed and with 7 miracle photos he made of
 Sri Mataji.

 We will soon send you a picture of a sculpture found at the traditional wood
 carving centre, representing a man's head with a snake coming out of the top
 of his head. We asked about the meaning of the snake. It is the protection.
 A turtle means prosperity.

 This small collective is very keen to grow in depth and in number.

 You can send any message, information or pictures, etc, to the following
 addresses:
 To Catherine Lepaige at <depanneur@mls.nc> [tel 687-24 15 54]
 To Mireille Basset at <basset@lagoon.nc>

 They send to you all their Best Wishes for the New Year.

 Jean-Michel

 Aside of the work and the sahaj programs, I did a short trip to the Ilot
 Maitre, a small island nearby, where I slept under the stars and met with
 some crabs, snakes and birds on the beach. I could also explore and admire
 the sea world with some big turtles, multicoloured fishes and corals...
 Mother Nature is great.

SY News - 26201.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Here is the latest news. Please enjoy!

 * SY Tour in Poland
 * Room still available in Los Angeles ashram
 * Times of India article regarding Emotional Intelligence
 * Baltic Seminar
 * Harlem Program (New York City)
 * Satya Yuga in Ebreichsdorf 

 All the best from your brother Mark

 -----------------------------------------------------------------

 Date: Thu, 15 Feb 2001 02:56:21 -0500 
 Subject: Mini Poland tour 2001 
 . 
 Jai Shri Mataji !

 Dear all brothers and sisters.

 The Polish yogis are going to arrange a tour (2 weeks) of South 
 and South-East of Poland (Gliwice-Krakow-Zakopane-Jaslo-Przemysl-Zamosc-Lublin-Sandomier 
 z-Kielce-Gliwice, about 2001 km). We would like to invite all 
 yogis who have a dynamic desire to express Mothers message and 
 who would like to come and see this wonderful country. The tour 
 is set to start on the 1st of July 2001 and go for about two 
 weeks starting in Gliwice. The tour will be by cars. The cost 
 of one night in a hut/refuge is 15-35 zl, dinner: 10-30 zl, 
 breakfast and lunch: about 10 zl, entrance to museums: about 20 
 zl, petrol: about 3 zl/l, 1 USD = 4 zl 

 We ask the recipients of this message to send it to the people 
 in your countries so we can get some feedback as to who and how 
 many would like to come. We are not many yogis here in Poland 
 and the success of the tour will depend partly on the 
 collective co-operation of the participants. We will certainly 
 provide the scenery to go with it. Accommodation will be in 
 camping spots and huts along various scenic drives. Please 
 forward this message to the yogis in your country.
  
 This mail is mainly to check the following: 
 1. Who would like to come on this years trip 
 2. What sort (if any) transportation could you offer 
 3. and if you can offer transport, how many people could you 
 take in your car?

 Could we please get your answer by no later than March 15th, so 
 we can make the necessary arrangements and send out specific 
 tour details to the attending yogis. 

 The answers can be sent to: 
 e-mail: czacho@show.net.pl 
 contact person in Poland: 
 (Bozena Czachowska 44-100 GLIWICE ul.Zwyciestwa 11/5 telephone: 
 +48 32 2311508, fax: +48-32-279-2488) 

 With lots of love from your brothes and sisters in Poland

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 There is still one room available in the Los Angeles, USA ashram, large enough for one couple. For more details, contact Matt Malley via phone (1-805-523-1929) or email (paramchi@aol.com).

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Times of India article  date unknown

Spiritual Quotient Leverages IQ & EQ
By R Venkatesan

 Solving logical or strategic problems involves the use of rational intelligence. Psychologists who devised tests to measure rational intelligence termed their measure as “Intelligence Quotient (IQ)”, their hypothesis being that higher the IQ more is the rational intelligence. Initially the IQ included only verbal and mathematical-logical capabilities. 

 Howard Gardner’s 1983 book “Frames of Mind” refuted the narrow IQ view and extended the concept to include spatial capacity, physical fluidity, musical capability, inter-personal intelligence, intra-personal intelligence etc. The operative word in his view of intelligence was multiple. While the utility of IQ in identifying potential performers is not disputed, according to renowned psychologists IQ contributes only about 20 per cent to the factors that determine life success, which leaves 80 percent to other forces. As Gardner in one of his articles observes, “One’s ultimate niche in society is determined largely by non-IQ factors, ranging from social class to luck”.

In the mid-1990s, Daniel Goleman popularised the “emotional Quotient (EQ)”  a degree of emotional intelligence, awareness of one’s own and other people’s feelings such as empathy, compassion, motivation and the ability to respond to pain or pleasure appropriately. His basic hypothesis was that for an effective use of IQ, EQ is a necessity. He writes: “In a sense we have two brains, two minds  and two different kinds of intelligence, rational and emotional. How we do in life is determined by both  it is not just IQ, but emotional intelligence that matters”.

The millennium contribution in the area of intelligence was from Danah Zohar and Ian Marshall who coined the term “SQ” for “Spiritual Intelligence”. They argue that the SQ is the basic foundation for an effective use of EQ and IQ. They also refer to it as the soul’s intelligence. While rational, logical thinking gives one’s IQ, and the associated habit-bound, pattern recognizing emotive thinking gives one the EQ, the creative, insightful, rule-making, rule breaking thinking with which we reframe and transform our previous thinking gives one the SQ. On a scientific plane, the brain’s serially connected neural tracts, and neural networks, are associated with the IQ and EQ respectively. 

 Singer’s work on the unifying neural oscillation offers the first evidence of SQ. Just as the hole can be greater than the sum of its parts, SQ allows one to add a larger, deeper and richer context to the present. She evolves a model of SQ based on the six petals of the Lotus and its centre, corresponding to the seven chakras described by the Hinduism’s Kundalini Yoga.

 Can we identify, measure and improve on our SQ, and thereby effectively use our EQ and IQ? The Indian Philosophical treatises  the Upanishads  attribute perception to the mind, conception to the intellect and “illumination” the Self.

 They speak of the ascent from Intellect (IQ) through meditation. Meditation is the route to the highest knowledge (illumination), when self-realisation, which is integration of inner self or spirit into the cosmic spirit, occurs. For instance in the Sahaja Yoga mode of self-realisation it is propounded that body is not the whole self. The vehicle of influence is the subtle body parallel to physical body wherein there are seven chakras, chief nerve centres; three tracks of nervous energy called nadis; and the latent energy coiled within called Kundalini. When Kundalini rises from the base of the spine, it integrates the seven main chakras, and the subtle experience manifests itself in a flow of cool vibrations which can be felt on the hands and also over the crown of the head like a cool breeze. It is through these vibrations that we gain a new awareness beyond thought, beyond emotions; with this subtle awakening we become sensitive to the state of our chakras and those of others.

 This degree of sensitivity to the state of our chakras and those of others can be termed as SQ. Our EQ is enhanced with the rise of SQ as each chakra when cleaned with the Kundalini energy enhances our ability to emote. For instance, as per Sahaja Yoga, the first chakra enhances your ability to be “child like”, the second enhances creativity/aesthetics, the third inculcates a feeling of satisfaction, the fourth helps you control anger, the fifth improves your communications kills so that you do not offend others, the sixth enables you to forgive, while the seventh, the crown chakra allows you to integrate all these qualities so that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts.

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Date: Wed, 21 Feb 2001 14:08:32 +0100 
 From: Galina <galina@viisnurk.ee> 
 Subject: Baltic Seminar !!! 

 Dear brothers & sisters!

 I`ld like to tell you about Baltic Seminar that took place in 
 Kohtla-Järve (Estonia) on Feb. 16-18 this year. It was something great. 
 Yogis from different countries came to the Seminar. There were yogis 
 from Finland, Czech, Lithuania, Russia, Ukraine and of cause Estonian 
 yogis. 

 We came to Kohtla-Järve on Friday evening. We stayed at a rather big 
 house (that was municipal house of culture). Hosts were very hearty and 
 careful. During the Seminar they prepared delicious food. All was 
 organised in such a good manner. All guests were very pleased. On Friday 
 night was Musical Programme. Musicians from Russia and Kohtla-Järve sang 
 bajans. Then was collective meditation. Our hearts opened and we felt 
 ourselves as the whole one. Vibrations were very strong. After 
 meditation dances started. Yogis learnt national dances of different 
 nations. That was funny and full of joy. We went to bed long after 
 midnight. 

 Next day yogis shared their experience. Representatives from each 
 country told about spreading SY in their home country. It was rather 
 interesting to know how yogis live and what they do for SY. 

 In the evening was Musical Programme and Puja. Puja was devoted to Shri 
 Mataji in the form of the Mother of the Universe. 1000 names of Shri 
 Mataji were read on the Puja. All of us felt Mother`s presence in our 
 hearts and everywhere, in every atom of air. Musicians performed bajans 
 but insides Divine silence. 

 Thank you Shri Mataji for being on that Puja. 
 After Puja were dances and plays. 

 On Sunday morning we went to the park near Kohtla-Järve, on the seaside. 
 There we rose Kundalini of Estonia and put Prasad into the small river 
 which name is translated as Holy River. 

 The Seminar was finished but nobody wanted to depart. We left 
 Kohtla-Järve but every member of the Seminar remains living in our 
 hearts.

 JAI SHRI MATAJI !

 Larissa, 

 Estonia.

 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: "Sylvia Kanas" <lifebhakti@hotmail.com> 
 Subject: Re: Harlem Public Program Report 
 Date: Fri, 23 Feb 2001 12:32:28 -0500

 Harlem Public Program

 Tuesday evening, February 20, 2001, was the night of a Sahaj Public Program, 
 organized for the Harlem community, in New York City. The event seemed to 
 be blessed right from the start. The weather transformed from frigid cold 
 the day before, to a balmy early-spring-like fresh night. It went back to 
 being frigid the very next day. And the sweet, gentle seekers of this 
 historic African American neighborhood came to experience the truth within 
 them.

 Vibrations had been building up in the neighborhood for a few weeks, as the 
 New York yogis came uptown to publicize the program. The ever present and 
 undeniable vibrancy and vitality had been turned up a few notches. The air 
 was saturated with Paramchaitanya as we breathed it in, and our hearts were 
 filled with boundless love and joy to be spreading Sahaj knowledge in this 
 wonderful place of Spirit called Harlem.

 All types and kinds could be seen intermingling in the streets, restaurants, 
 and shops. The dredlocked mellow rastas who flow on the currents of love, 
 the intense suit and tie Muslims passing out their publicity, the church 
 going ladies in Sunday best clothes and pretty hats, neighborhood gentlemen 
 casually sharing coffee and conversation, mothers leading bunches of 
 laughing, singing, dancing beautiful children, strong gentle hearts, one and 
 all. And, by the efforts of the yogis, this scene became sprinkled with our 
 bright leaflets and Shri Mataji’s heavenly smile.

 The sixteen seekers who came, came peacefully, openly and full of hope and 
 intelligent acceptance. They listened to the presentation by our deeply 
 loved sister Andrea, and they were moved. They watched Shri Mataji’s talk 
 and were silent. They received their self-realization and felt the 
 vibrations acting on them. The love enveloped the humble meeting space and 
 elevated us to silence, forgiveness. Though the numbers were not too great, 
 the quality was pure gold. These were great souls, by Mother’s grace, who 
 honored us with their presence.

 Jai Shir Mataj

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: GRABMAYER Anton <anton.grabmayer@it-austria.com> 
 Subject: Satya Yuga in Ebreichsdorf 
 Date: Tue, 20 Feb 2001 11:18:56 +0100 

  Namaste ! 
  
  Is it another sign of Satya Yuga, if the teacher of your child invites you 
  to speak about India ?? 
  
  This happy morning Amadeus' class had 2 new teachers in the first lesson:  Lisa + Toni. 
  We spoke about India in general: country, culture, daily life, and about 
  our children at Talnoo school in particular. 
  we presented some maps and pictures on colorfull transparencies projected 
  on the wall (including mount Kailash). 
  at the end we made the Bandhan-exercise for raising the Kundalini and SHE 
  gave us 20 more realised angels in Ebreichsdorf. 
  Everyone felt it quite clearly above themselves and above of their 
  neighbours, including the teacher. 
  
  Jai Shri Mataji ! 

  YOU are the giver of Life and Self Realization!! 
  Thank YOU !! 
  
  much love, toni


SY News - 30301.htm
 
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 The latest news for you to enjoy!

 * Puja News (Easter Puja in Turkey is still on)
 * SITA
 * News from Nigeria
 * Birthday Puja Recollections

 Much love and all the best,

 Mark

 -----------------------------------------------------

 Note from Mark: Some of you may have heard that the Easter Puja had been canceled but I just received this email from Nese today, March 30.

 Shri Mataji kindly accepted to have the Easter Puja in
 Istanbul-Turkey. The details of the event are as our
 previous mail, shortly:

 19th April expected arrival of Shri Mataji to Istanbul
 20-21 April Artistic Programs
 22 April Easter Puja
 24 April Public Program

 JAI SHRI MATAJI....

 Nese - TURKEY

 Also, from Guido...

 Dear brothers and sisters, Jai Shri Mataji

 Shri Mataji has also given some hints for the 2001 pujas to come:

 SAHASRARA PUJA: in Cabella organized by - Austria & Germany, Slovakia & Czeck Rep., Hungary, Slovenia and Albania
 ADI SHAKTI PUJA: in Cabella organized by - Africa, Belgium, Holland, Spain, Portugal, Scandinavian countries
 GURU PUJA: in Cabella organized by - Italy, Russia, Turkey, Bulgaria
 KRISHNA PUJA: in USA organized by - North and South America
 GANESHA PUJA and marriages: in Cabella organized by - Romania, Russia, India, Australia, Hong Kong, New Zealand, Taiwan, Thailand, Japan, Philipines, Malaysia, Dubai
 NAVARATRI PUJA: in Cabella organized by - UK, Ukraine , Israel and Greece
 DIWALI PUJA: in L.A. (USA) organized by - Switzerland, France, N. & S. America, Iran

 Shri Mataji has not specified any dates for the pujas.

 With love - Guido

 -----------------------------------------------------

 Dear brothers and sisters:

 We are entering into an exciting new era in our
 efforts to spread Sahaja Yoga over the internet. The
 new project, which we are referring to as "SITA", for
 Sahaj Internet Team Administration, will involve a
 large international team of people, subdivided into
 various project groups. We are looking for volunteers
 from around the world who haverelevant skills and
 would like to play a part in this work.

 We need people with web design skills, writing
 skills,internet security skills, and all skills
 relevant to web site design and maintenance. We also
 need people skilled in web advertising, for the
 promotion of our site on the internet.
 If you have any skills which you feel are relevant,
 please fill out the following questionnaire and return
 it to:

 sita2103@yahoo.com

 Many thanks, and we look forward to your
 contributions.

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 Steve Wollenberger

 The Form:

 Please copy and paste the form shown below as is and
 fill all fields as best as you can without hitting
 the enter key or formatting or using the colon
 character. It is important that the form is used as
 shown to make it easy for us to extract all the
 information to a spread sheet.

 First Name:
 Surname:
 How long have you been in Sahaj?:
 City Leader:
 State Leader:
 National Leader:
 Formal Qualifications:
 Experience very briefly:
 Areas of interest in the Project (SITA):
 What experience/qualifications have you had in
 this/these area(s)?:
 Approx time per week that can be devoted to the work
 on the Project:

 The above form is just for us to get a gauge of
 talent that is available and should not deter anyone
 for any reason from volunteering however little the
 expertise they have. Ultimately it is the dedication
 and the ability to stay the course which will help
 us complete this great project and present it to
 Shri Mataji in its finished form.

 -----------------------------------------------------

 From: Christian AKPLOGAN <christian.akplogan@caramail.com>
 Subject: Sahaja yoga PROGRAM AND PROGRAM PUBLIC in nigeria report
 Date: Tue, 06 Mar 2001 13:52:15 GMT+1

 Jai

 The 3,4,5 March 2001 the brother obi Nigerian's who lives in ENGLAND
 and his wife and their 3 children and Sister Joel who lives in ENGLAND also
 and 12 BENIN Sahaja yogis and yuva shakti Bhajans singers went to NIGERIA
 Capital Lagos TAFAWA S. Hall the 3rd of March 2001 and made a Public Program.
 There are 50 NIGERIAN'S who got their self realisation..
 Before the program the singers sang many bhajans in sanskrit, marati and
 hindi and other African languages.
 The brother OBI was the speaker and after the self realisation
 the singers sang JOGAWA.
 We exchanged vibrations with all 50.
 There were many vibrations.
 The next public program will be for the 12 th March at NIGERIA
 SURU LERE AT KILO HOTEL.
 After, I send you other Africa activities.

 GOD BLESS YOU

 with much love
 christian

 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Note from Mark: this is a collection of Birthday Puja recollections from various yogis. In the interest of time, I did not edit out all the redundancies.

 1)
 From: "Kapil raj goyal" <kapilgoyal123@rediffmail.com>
 Subject: Puja recollections
 Date: 22 Mar 2001 08:53:09 -0000

 Dear All,

 Many greetings on Mother's Birthday Pooja to all.
 We are in Delhi and enjoying the vibration even after Puja is over. It was a
 great program attended by at least 10-15 thousand yogis at Nirmal Dham
 Delhi. First Day there were dances of various states at the entrance of
 pendal when Mother arrived. Even I got a chance to escort Mother in our
 traditional Rajasthani get up in an open Jeep. It was such a blessing and
 joy at that moment. Program started by a welcome note by Delhi leader
 Mr.Nalgirkar. He said that Mother you are beyond Birth and it's only for us
 and for our ascent and joy that you have taken this Human Incarnation and we
 get opportunity to celebrate yr. B'day.

 Then there was Music by Nirmal Sangeet Sarita.There was a great Jugalbandi
 by Avi Shivalikar on Sitar with one great young singer
 Shree Mataji got very pleased with this performance.
 Simple sang two great bhajans from his latest audio release
 "Santo Kee Vani". Program concluded with Quwwalies and all danced till 2 in
 the night.

 Next evening was felicitations from all over the world. Many Sahaja and Non
 Sahaja speakers spoke very well. Details, I would send later after reaching
 home.

 Also after felicitations the South Indian dance group and Whistling artist
 who had performed in Recent Shiva Puja in Pune, performed to their best. It
 was beyond explanations.

 Again the night was concluded with Quwwalies and till 2.30 all danced and
 enjoyed Mother's blessings.

 Needless to say that the vibrations were amazing and chilling.
 Puja Talk: was long and was only in English.In brief Mother repeated many
 times that this year is the year of EXPOSURE and any Sahaja Yogi who will be
 dishonest in Sahaja will be exposed badly and will be punished by his own
 Kundalini. She told that she did not want to talk hard things on such an
 auspicious moment of Birthday but it is important to tell you. Anyone who
 will aggress and will try to control others, will try to cheat Sahaja
 Yoga,will try to make money from Sahaja Yoga will be taken care of by the
 Kundalini this year hence all of us have to be very alert and we are being
 judged every moment. All those, being in Sahaja for long time and still
 could not get rid of their fake temptations and stupid ideas should be Alert
 All you must clean yr. chakras everyday and check which catch is coming
 and why? Keep yourself clean and auspicious. Sahaja yogis should be
 auspicious. You must be able to feel all yr. catches and to know how to
 clean them.

 Mother said that you have decorated the pendal so well but YOU are my
 decorations and you have to become beautiful. She said that I know that
 there are some very powerful and good Sahaja Yogis here and at the same time
 there are many yogis who are not in sahaj culture still and have not
 understood it properly. Mother said that you have to love yr. country to be
 honest.

 Speech was long and I do not recollect all contents now.
 Will try to mail more after reaching home

 Bye, Jai Shree Mataji

 Kapil from India

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------

 2)
 Date: Sat, 24 Mar 2001 08:07:35 -0800 (PST)
 From: vishwanath saundankar <vishwanath_nsys@yahoo.com

 Jai Shri Mataji

 Delhi was nice.

 On first day she stressed on KNOW THY SELF. She said
 you should have the confidence in you. It is really
 important for me and all.

 She also said that some times we might feel that we are
 at the bottom and others are doing well in material
 world,but you have to be at the bottom like the sea/
 ocean, and spoke about the quality of the ocean.

 Then on the next day
 She said that it is nice you have done beautiful
 decoration but you are my decorations (this she said
 3- 4 times during speech)

 Then she said I know everybody because I know
 everybody's kundalini. When I see the kundalini it all
 comes in front of me.

 Next day
 She again spoke about the KNOW THY SELF and the
 responsibilities. Then she said that the coming year
 is of exposure and many things are going to be
 exposed. She said there are some people who are very
 rough and arrogant and want to control everything.
 She was not happy with them.

 Then she spoke about the nonescences, and said that we
 have to give up all the nonsense. In foreign husband
 will come and say mother I have love with other women
 what I should do. Or the wife will say mother I have
 relations with other man what to do. She said I don't
 understand and said you just GET OUT of sahaj. There
 is no place in Sahaja for this nonsense.

 She also spoke about the Romanticism and nonsense.
 she said Ganesha punishes you in different way, you
 may become bank corrupt etc.

 Love you
 Your
 Vishwanath
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------

 3)
 From: prajakta jaunjale <prajakta108@yahoo.com>
 Mon, 26 Mar 2001 01:48:00 -0800

 Dear all,

 Jai Shri Mataji.

 It was a great blessing to attend our Holi Mother's
 78th Birthday Pooja.

 Around 10,000 yogi's came all over the world at Nirmal
 Dham to offer their humble Pranam to our Holi Mother's
 Lotus feet.

 On 19th the evening Program Started with Nirmal
 Sangit Sarita.Followed by many talented artists, Dance
 Program's & ended with Kawwali.

 20th was Felicitation Program.
 Many famous personalities came to attend the
 Program. Sir CP was talking about Shri Mataji.
 He narrated a story. When they were in England, how
 Shri Mataji transformed a drug addict to a yogi!
 He Promised Mother on our behalf, that on her 80th
 B'thday there will be 80 million Sahaj yogi's around
 the world. He Prayed to mother to be on this Earth till
 each & every human on this world will become Sahaj yogi.

 Then Mother talked...She asked us to.......KNOW THY
 SELF......She said it is extremely important for us to
 know what are our powers as Sahaja yogis.we must
 respect our powers & use them for Sahaj Prachar......
 Even in the Pooja talk she asked us to know our self.
 we have to be perfect.

 All those who are doing false things in Sahaja yoga or
 behaving against protocols will be Exposed very
 soon.

 Also she said that some People come here to achieve
 some status or some materialistic things.But what you
 will get out of Sahaj is only & only Inner wealth &
 not materialism.

 She said you should be confident of your powers as
 yogis.
 & the most important is to introspect.
 She said it's going to be great year ahead & we must
 perform our dharma that is to spread Sahaj all
 over.........

 This is all I remember from Mother's talk.

 Today is Gudipadva[new year in Maharashtra] so wishing you all a very very
 Happy new year.....
 May Mother bless all of us to perform our Sahaja
 Dharma.......
 With all my love & good wishes.
 Prajakta.
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------
 4)
 Arvind Thakur
 ["Excelsior Trading & Mfg. Co." etmc@vsnl.com]
 Sat, 24 Mar 2001 13:02:27 +0530

 Dear Brothers and Sisters,

 Jai Shree Mataji!

 The B'day Puja celebrations were just amazing!
 Mother gave a very deep speech on both the days, i.e. on the 22nd
 (Felicitation) and 23rd ( Puja Day)

 The Delhi Collective did a good job about 3,500 Sahaja yogis were staying at
 the camp and on the day of the Puja, the place was not sufficient ! about
 9,000 Sahaja yogis had come !

 Mother spoke about what Laotse of china (Adi guru) has said, i.e. TAO i.e.to
 know thy self and even Christ has said the same. Mother gave a lot of
 importance to Introspection before meditation and even said that we must
 speak to our self time to time to check on ourselves and tell our selves
 that "Now Mr./Ms ----- what r u upto ? " this is important to check for our
 ego and she said that when u meditate and do Sahaja yoga work, your ego will
 never come up and she said that people should not shy from doing Sahaja Yoga
 work.

 Mother also spoke that many SY's do not have confidence about the power they
 have. She gave the example of Late Mr. kholi of Mumbai that when he wanted
 to go across the river to a Sahaja yoga prog. He actually told the clouds
 that DONT BRING RAIN UNTILL I FINISH MOTHER'S WORK AND COME BACK and that
 storm which was to come was delayed till he went back to sleep in bed. So we
 must realize our powers and become subtle and not gross as we grow in Sahaja
 Yoga.

 Mother warned Sahaja yogis who try to make money out of Sahaja yoga. She
 said that they will learn a lesson. And also said that people doing all
 non-sense things in Sahaja Yoga will be EXPOSED

 Mother also spoke and warned people who do all sort of non-sense in Sahaja
 Yoga spoiling the Sahaja Atmosphere and doing things against the protocol
 and said that we must inform her of any non-sense and wrong things going on
 in Sahaja Yoga and such people must be thrown out of Sahaja Yoga.

 That's all I remembered.

 Jai Shree Mataji

 Regards and Love to all.

 Arvind Thakur
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------
 5)
 From: Siddharth Bhandari [bhandari_siddharth@yahoo.com ]

 Jai Shree Mataji;

 The Puja started at 9:00 p.m. till 3:00 am (IST) on 21st.
 Shri Mataji said
 1) She was very happy to see collectivity and decoration.
 2)See to the decoration mother said SahajYogi should
 be the decoration of the mother all over the world.
 3) SahajYogi should love each other as they love Shri Mataji.
 4) SahajYogi should be confident and should be auspicious.
 5)This year is the year of exposure all the people
 will be exposed by the kundalini.
 6) People should not be behind Money.
 7) If SahajYogi do anything against the Sahaj Dharma
 or protocol then they will be punished by the divine(She
 warned).
 8) SahajYogi should be in Witness State and should
 avoid the reaction.
 9) Shri Mataji gave lot of blessing to Sahajayogis.
 10) The most Imp she said that one should understand oneself.
 11) 21st March is not only my birthday but each and
 every Sahajayogis Birthday.

 And Shri Mataji blessed every body.

 Give regards and Jai Shri Mataji to all.

 Bye
 Jai Shree Mataji
 Siddharth. 


SY News - 30401.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 More news for you to enjoy!

 * URL Correction for KOR Website
 * Upcoming Puja Dates
 * Easter Puja Recollections
 * News from Dubai

 Much love and all the best!

 Mark

 -----------------------------------------------------------------

 I mistakenly put the wrong URL for the Knowledge of Reality (KOR) magazine website in the last broadcast message. The correct website  is http://www.sol.com.au/kor/

-----------------------------------------------------------------

 Today H.H.Sri Mataji gave some dates for the next 3 pujas:
  
 SAHASRARA 4-5-6 of may. 
 ADI SHAKTI 1-2-3 of june 
 GURU 6-7-8 july. 

 These 3 pujas will take place in Cabella. Further information will follow when I come back from Turkey.

 Love Guido

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------

 Subject: Easter Puja talk 2001 
 Date: Mon, 23 Apr 2001 12:13:26 -0700 

 Hello everybody

 These are my recollections of Mothers talk 
 yesterday. I hope you all had a wonderful Pooja.
  
 Christ was a model for ancient times and is 
 a model for Sahaja Yogis now. Therefore resurrection 
 is very important part of Sahaja Yoga. In the 
 beginning when Jesus came, people were ignorant about 
 spirit quality and he was there to speak about it 
 spirituality. Money was very important those days. 
 Between the spirit and materialism there was too 
 much contrast so people did not understand. People 
 had big ego at the time. The Islamic force is 
 very spread and grows quickly. I don't know why 
 people fight for nothing. If they stop to see for 
 one second they will see they do wrong .Jesus who is 
 the incarnation of Ganesha accepted to be killed to 
 crucify the ego. If he did not that my job would be 
 harder. So we have fight the ego. If he did not 
 crucify attention could not pass through the 
 Agya .Now Agya is open & Christ opened it now 
 we can go to Sahasrara. The problem in 
 India is they are too ritualistic and the west has 
 ego problem. We have too much conditioning. There 
 are a lot of poor countries because people are 
 cheating. Countries who fight stupid things are 
 poor. Earthquakes happen in countries who are too 
 materialistic they have to raise above the 
 materialism. People become aggressive for money and 
 business. For Jesus money was nonsense because 
 there is love beyond this. This is the year 
 of exposure greed will be exposed and thrown into 
 hell. The people who strangulate will be 
 strangulated. Why countries fight against each other 
 because they do not love people. You are not 
 enjoying if you have no love for people, joy is 
 real love. Jesus helped us break the 
 Agya .Become a witness, he was a witness. All 
 he did was perfect but unfortunately, Christianity 
 misunderstood these things and taught to be 
 aggressive and dominate others. Christ accepted 
 everything and he brought peace. The humble man is 
 the winner, not the dominator. See the ego. 
 Nobody knows which side is correct people kill 
 Left and right, they follow principle of fight. No 
 Animal kills each other as much as human kill 
 each other .Conditionings are very bad. Never 
 criticize, it comes from conditioning. What 
 happened with the cows in England they were so 
 clean always People say I like this, I do 
 not like that, this is all conditioning They make 
 fashion one year they like this next year they do 
 not like it anymore. I never say I don not like 
 this I say alright and witness. racism is 
 another thing, God made all people whatever color 
 it is. What would America be like if all 
 the different colors left. In Mississippi the red 
 necks were killing the blacks and even nature could 
 not stand it when there was flod they left 
 everything all the materials running for life. Now 
 they don't do these things anymore nature taught 
 them. Humility is a power that glorifies. Who 
 worships Hitler? Who worships Mussolini?(a 
 baby cried) Ego is like this child it will not 
 care or listen to anybody but will go on and on. 
 Ego justifies everything so you don't see what you 
 do .when ego is there you cannot be witness in 
 order to be witness you must see the ego so is a 
 bit confusing. To make the ego disappear say the 
 mantra of Jesus. Recession is also Mr. ego. Like 
 two snakes one is full now. Ego has no discretion, 
 conditioning is even worse. You start believing in 
 wrong things. Know thyself, know your own eyes, 
 know with your own ears. I am happy Sahaja Yogis 
 can see their ego and superego and rise above 
 it.

 Jai Shri Mataji 
 Banu Gokyar 
 Turkey

 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: SURESH [mailto:sureshaa@emirates.net.ae] 
 Sent: Saturday, April 28, 2001 10:00 AM 
 Subject: Jai Shri Mataji.. News from Dubai collective

 Dear brothers and sisters, 

 The festive atmosphere started here as soon as we received the news of Shri 
 Mataji's visit. We all had wonderful time in the holy presence of Shri Mataji in Dubai. 
 shri mataji arrived here on 17th- tuesday night flight,we all were waiting 
 eagerly to receive her.All of our brothers here went to the airport and we ladies 
 were in the apartment to welcome her. As soon as she arrived we welcomed 
 her, with children giving her bouquets and we all sang bajan's (SWAGAT AAGAT SWAGATAM) 
 This was at 11.30PM and our Mother was so glowing and vibrant and was looking more 
 younger than what we saw last year. 

 After the arthi she started talking to all of us, gave a 
 small speech,she spoke about french people marrying into islam as 
 they wanted to have families unlike french culture and said remaining 
 in morality is very important.She added that this year wrong things will be 
 exposed and even it holds good for sahaj yogies also. 

 She spoke about blackmagic and asked us to beware of false gurus. 
 On the 18th morning we took her for shopping. In the night we had arranged a 
 musical evening to be presented at her Lotus feet in Sharjah which is one of 
 the emirate in the UAE famous for Cricket matches. 

 The evening musical programme and the puja was granted to us by Her 
 Holiness and we were all enjoying the Divine presence and the blizz. 
 Shrimataji enjoyed the bhajans so well and dance done by girls. It 
 went on till 3am in the morning.also there was one bharathnatyam dance by 
 one of our sahaj sister which she liked very much. Charan puja was done by children 
 with the recitation of Ganesha Atherveshesh. After the puja Shri Mataji gave 
 a speech addressing the new comers who attended the evening. 
 we enjoyed every moment of the time spent. The vibrations were flowing. 

 Next day morning we got the blessing of speaking with her 
 individually and she asked our names and put bandhans for people like 
 me whose husbands were not in sahaj.she said we have to bring them by 
 love. She was talking about nadigranth of agasthiya muni where in past 
 and future of all is written, she said he has mentioned 3000yrs back that 
 there will be SHRIMATAJI who is jagadamba .We all got to see H.H giving 
 realisation to an Indian vice consulate general posted in Dubai. 
 While she was talking about false people she also said they will get 
 destroyed by their own deeds. 

 By her grace & blessing and our desire we got chance to garland her and 
 do arthi for her.

 Some of our sahajbrothers and sisters accompanied H.H to Turkey Easter 
 puja. on the 19th afternoon. We gave a warm send off on thursday afternoon to Shri Mataji. 
 we also had published in local newspaper with her photo welcoming her 
 arrival which indirectly would have been reaching many seekers. 
 So we all had very great festive time in her holy presence. Shri 
 Mataji's daughter had also accompanied her this time and was sharing 
 her experience of being with Shri Mataji,so we all cherished and enjoyed 
 every moment of her holiness Shri Mataji's wonderful visit which will stay 
 in our hearts for long time.

 jaishrimataji. 
 with regds. 
 sowmya
SY News - 30800.htm

Jai Shri MatajI!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Here is the latest news for you to enjoy, including some impressions of Sahasrara Puja 
 that were somehow lost in the queue for awhile, but found and worthy of reflection.

 * Gold watch found at Canajoharie
 * Earth Angel
 * Sahasrara Puja Reflections
 * Nature supporting public programme in Russia

 Much love and all the best!

 Mark

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------

 I found a ladies gold watch - rectangular face with gold straps - at the 
 ladies pond at Canajoharie on Monday after Adi Shakti Puja. 

 Jo Bajescu, Philadelphia, USA:     JBajescu@cmr.com

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------

 Once upon a time there was a child ready to be born. 
  The child asked God, "They tell me you are sending me 
 to earth tomorrow, but  how am I going to live there being 
 so small and  helpless?" 
  God replied, "Among the many angels, I chose one for 
  you. Your angel will be waiting for you and will take care of you." 
  The child further inquired, "But tell me, here in  heaven I don't have to do 
  anything but sing and smile to be happy." 
  God said, "Your angel will sing for you and will also 
  smile for you every  day. And you will feel your angel's love 
 and be very  happy." 
  Again the child asked, "And how am I going to be able 
  to understand when  people talk to me if I don't know the language?" 
  God said, "Your angel will tell you the most beautiful 
  and sweet words you  will ever hear, and with much patience and care, your 
  angel will teach you  how to speak."
 "And what am I going to do when I want  to talk to you?" 
  God said, "Your angel will place your hands together 
  and will teach you how  to pray."
 "I've heard that on Earth there are bad men.  Who will protect me?" 
  God said, "Your angel will defend you even if it means 
  risking its life." 
  "But I will always be sad because I will not see you 
  anymore." 
  God said, "Your angel will always talk to you about me 
  and will teach you  the way to come back to me, even though 
 I will always be next to you." 
  At that moment there was much peace in heaven, but 
  voices from Earth could  be heard and the child hurriedly asked, 
  "God, if I am to leave now, please tell me my angel's  name." 
  "Her name is not important. You will simply call her Mom."

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: Pratik S. Chipdey [mailto:pratikc@email.msn.com] 
 Sent: Wednesday, May 10, 2000 10:15 AM 
 Subject: Sahasrara Puja

 Well, I finally got to attend a Sahasrara Puja with Shri Mataji. Needless to 
 say, it was beautiful, and the puja talk was beautiful. Here are some excerpts 
 from it, which I would to share with the yogis, if you get a chance:

 1. First Days of SY
 It almost seemed like a sequel to Shri Mataji's talk at the 25 th 
 anniversary of the Sahasrara Day at Nargol, where She mostly spoke about Her 
 experiences before and during the Sahasrara Opening. Here She started off 
 with "There was a lot of darkness in the world when I opened the 
 Sahasrara...". And from that point, it was Her experiences after the 
 Sahasrara Opening. She said that the situation then was lot different from 
 today. She wanted to give realization to people, but apparently, no one was 
 interested. She ended up giving realization to a lady and her mother (who 
 had problems with possessions). That is how She started. The lady with the 
 possessions got better with the practice of SY, and that was a positive 
 sign. She then had a public program, attended by about 30 people. She led 
 them to a beach where 12 of them (including the first two) got their 
 realization. So to begin with, these 12 were the original yogis.

 She never said a word about who She was to these 12 yogis. But they soon 
 realized that someone who could give them their realization, had to be 
 someone special. And so they decided to do a Durga puja. They invited 7 
 Brahmins (to perform the puja), who were very apprehensive since they said 
 it was a very difficult puja and that every time they had tried it in the 
 past (on statues and idols, I guess), they had ended up getting fits or just 
 sick. However, this time, they were assured by the yogis, that nothing would 
 happen. When the puja was performed, Shri Mataji says She didn't know what 
 difference it made to yogis. However, at least one obvious difference was 
 that the Brahmins didn' t get sick. They ended up feeling just fine.

 2. SY's Should Always be in Joy
 Shri Mataji spoke a lot on Sahaja Avastha (Sahaja state), which She said was 
 a state of joy. She said that as SY's, we should always be in joy. Tha t was 
 the only state where things actually worked out. She spent a lot of time on 
 this. She said we should try to enjoy everything without judging. She gave 
 several examples of Herself, where She always enjoyed the way things were 
 created (art, etc.). She spoke about how we end up feeling the joy of the 
 artist if we look at things in thoughtlessness. She went on to say that even 
 things that were not good (creatively) should be enjoyed, for example a bad 
 movie. Even people, who are boring, should be enjoyed by yogis. She said 
 that those who judged others were not in the Sahaja Avastha.

 3. SY's Should be the channels o f SY
 It was very kind of Shri Mataji to say that She needed us to spread SY. She 
 said all the forces needed some kind of channels. She gave the example of 
 electricity, which She said had to have wires (channels) to take it to 
 different places. Here She also said that to be good channels of SY, we 
 didn't necessarily have to have college education. All we needed was 
 wisdom. She gave the example of Mr. Dhumal from Rahuri (Maharashtra), who 
 was a simple farmer, but was a great yogi. He spread a SY a lot and also 
 made several experiments with SY (in irrigation and all). She said that to 
 be able to spread SY, we should be in a state so that people can see that we 
 are special, that we are divine. She gave Mr. Dhumal's example saying that 
 he had a personality that always interested people in SY.

 She also said a lot of things (it was a long talk), but this is pretty much 
 what I remember. After the puja, the Austrians presented Her with 21 aspects 
 of the world (such as politics, business, education, etc.), which needed Her 
 Attention. To this, She said that the reason Indians were good in computer 
 programming was that their attention was very stable and that it could 
 penetrate into the whole process. She said that we should be able to do the 
 same with the all the problems of the world. She said that India would 
 eventually become the most prosperous nation in the world.

 Love,
 Pratik

 --------------------------------------------------------------

 From: <pashnin@chel.rsfarm.ru> 
 Subject: Nature supporting publc programme in Russia 
 Date: Mon, 26 Jun 2000 09:23:25 +0600 

 Jay Shree Mataji ! 

 Every year there in Bazovskee festival close to lake soonukool near Tcheliabinsk 
 in Russia where people from many cities gather, it is a cultural festival with 
 exhibition of different handworks. Our S.Y. team Maxim , Nishi , our son Yogi 
 1 year 8 months, Natasha and Alexy went with pure desire of holding public 
 programme in this festival.We had never been to this festival before and
 had no  idea about its arrangement and setup and so had no plans but a simple desire 
 in our hearts. 

 We reached the festival on friday night and since it was dark with only strong 
 music around, we could not make out the whole scene so we went to sleep. 
 On saturday ( 24 june 2000 ) morning things became clear and we went to see 
 the exhibition site where all hand work was displayed and the atmosphere was 
 full of vibrations and we felt like exhibiting S. Y. in this exhibition. We had Shree 
 Matajis photo , subtile system poster and hand invitations. We desided to invite 
 people close to lake at 4 o clock for realisation and fortunately there was people 
 from television centre Chebarcool (a city around Cheliabinsk region) .They got 
 interested as we said that doctor from Cheliabinsk and doctor from India together 
 want to explain S. Y. and its benefits in our daily life. We explained every thing 
 about S. Y., it was just like a small Public programme in a form of interview on 
 TV and gave our contact number if someone is interested. 

 Every thing was coming up one by one so spontaneously that we were literaly flying . 
 Soon by 3 o clock we left the exhibition to set up the public programme 
 site close to lake . We have yellow `oka` (car) very attractive color , and with hand 
 invitation we told people that P. P. site will be yellow Oka close to lake. We put subtle 
 system poster on the car and Shree Matajis photos on the tree close to 
 the way to lake. 

 It was 4 o clock by now and there was no body , we saw people going towards 
 lake and at this moment Maxim said - `what happened why people dont wand S.Y. 
 and suddenly there was a big thunder just above our car ( P.P. site ) and the rain 
 started. It seemed as if it would rain heavily and every one passing by turned around 
 and looked towards us and said -`Oh! we were waiting for you, have you started ?` 
 and suddenly rain slopped and sun appeared. Our hearts were so light and we 
 could feel the support of nature very strongly holding us. 

 Nearly 20 -30 people collected at the site . Few people came and tried to disturb us 
 but we keept silent and among the collectivity desiring realisation , one lady said 
 to them - `If you people are not interested then kindly leave and we forgive you`. 
 So new people themselves asked such people to leave, we just did nothing,
 every  thing worked out on its own. All of them got realisation. 

 By the time it was all over the happiness within our hearts were felt by the 
 divine and it manifested as two beautiful rainbows decorating the sky simultaneously. 

 Jai Shree Mataji !!! 
 Nishi , Maxim and Yogi 
 Russia 
 26 june 2000 
 E-mail - sahaja@chel.surnet.ru 


SY News - 51099.htm
 
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Please enjoy the news!

 * Shri Ganesha Puja reflections
 * Request for Biosciences Papers
 * Report from Sweden
 * SY at Nashik Jail (repeat)
 * (yet another) virus warning


 Kind Regards,

 Mark

 -----------------------------------------------------

 From: Cuvellier Bernard, Belgium <Bernard.Cuvellier@advalvas.be>
 Subject: Shri Ganesh Puja talk 99, fragments
 Date: Tue, 28 Sep 1999 22:56:21 +0200

 Shri Ganesha Puja sat 25 sept 99 Cabella

 (Here are some points that we could remember on the way back from the puja.
 Please consider that our recollection is certainly not complete, may not be
 fully correct and that the context of the sayings is important. So please
 use only for a general picture of the speach. Please hear the cassette.)
 we could recall following main points Shri Mataji addressed:
 -. the relation to chastity
 -. how shri ganesha can help with right sided problems
 -. the relation with the earth
 -. the obedience to his mother
 - . the relation to Jesus Christ
 - . the symbol AUM, Sawstika, cross

 Chastity is very important, for women but as much for the men. We should
 not tolerate attacks on our chastity, neither trough actions, not even in
 thoughts or eyes. Only through introspection we can find out if we failed
 on those points. If we made mistakes related to proper chastity, we can now
 humbly ask forgivenss to Shri Ganesha and he will forgive us. But we have
 to establish chastity.

 Puja to Shri Ganesha is particularly useful for people with right sided
 problems. People that have right sided problems develop all kinds of
 diseases.They can be very dry. They can develop papalisis of the right hand
 or of the left hand. Also other problems were mentioned.

 They are so busy that they forget to worship shri Ganesha. They can be very
 much helped if they do puja to shri Ganesha. Their health will improve.
 Mother explained that the problems can be dealth with by the gana's. They
 are fully obedient to Shri Ganesha. The ganas can target a specific
 problem. They know exactly how to destroy negativity. How the Ganas are
 summoned to action by palpitations of the center heart. and then they go
 all over the body fighting negativity.

 Shri Ganesha comes out of the earth element. He acts through the earth
 element. We should reestablish our relation to the earth. We can every
 morning bow to the earth and ask forgivness to the earth to walk on her
 with our feet. Shri ganesha punishes sometimes through earth quakes.
 Specialy where people are fundamentalist or where people practice black
 magic. She mentioned the Turkey earth quake. Mother told the story of the
 quake in India (in Lahor ??) where there is a Ganesh festival and people
 have a special statue of Shri ganesha. After the festivities, people got
 drunk and then they started singing all kinds of things to Shri ganesha.

 After that there was the earth quake and so many of them were taken inside
 the earth. There is a Sahaja center there, but all around the centre the
 earth opened, but no Sahaja Yogi died,. The center remained all right. Do
 not worship any statues of sgri ganesha. For decoration is all right, but
 not to worship. Negatuve people are sometimes creating these statues to get
 money out of them. There are only 8 representations of Shri Ganesha, in
 India. Alos the Uluru rock in Australia is a natural representation of Shri
 Ganesha.

 Shi Mataji spoke about the obedience of Shri Ganesha to his mother, but we
 could not recall the specifics.

 A major part of the talk was on the relation of Sgri Ganesha and Christ.
 How christ showed clearly who he was by showing his two fingers, pointing
 to his father, Shri Krishna and Shri Vishnu. We should worship both Shri

 Ganesha ans Christ.

 best regards, johan

 -----------------------------------------------------

 Date: Sun, 19 Sep 1999 13:55:12 +0200
 From: Daniel Fels, Switzerland <fels@ubaclu.unibas.ch>
 Subject: Two requests concerning Biosciences

 Dear Brothers and Sisters,

 The yogis and yoginis of Switzerland wish to create for the spreading of
 Sahaja Yoga an exhibition in the year 2000. The principle theme will be
 Self-Realization through the Ages. It will also include contributions to
 subtle knowledge from Sciences, in particular from Physics, Medicin and
 Biosciences. Here we have two requests concerning the Biosciences:
 We still have no published material from University Research Projects so
 far. If you have publications of such studies,or atricles from other
 journals, please, send copies to us or tell us where to get them. Second,
 since many of us, all over the world, did experiments with vibrated water
 or other Sahaj means, we would love to report their general or particular
 outcomes. If you send us your data, please organise them in the following
 way:
 ____________________________________________________________________________
 ____
 A: Personal
 name:
 country:
 e-mail:
 tel:
 ____________________________________________________________________________
 ____
 B: General information
 Title of your experiment:
 Number of repetitions of the whole experiment:
 Was there a control(group) for comparisons (y/n):
 Do you have numbers to describe your results (y/n):
 ____________________________________________________________________________
 ____
 C: Short Description
 Here an almost to short Example: 20 sunflower seedlings, each in a pot,
 were placed in a patchy way outdoors. 10 of them were randomly chosen and
 each one got every day vibrated tap-water (100ml). The other 10 plants
 became the control- group. They got the same tap-water (100ml per day), but
 this one was not vibrated. After 50 days we measured the hight and counted
 the seeds.
 (in B it would say:
 Vibrated Water on Sunflowers;
 Rep's: 0;
 Control: y;
 Nr's: y)
 ____________________________________________________________________________
 ____
 D: The Results
 Please describe them like:
 Group A grew bigger than group B or group X was never attacked by lice or
 previous problems disappeared or we found no effect ...
 If you counted and measured, please write:
 Number of organisms in the (experimental and control) groups
 Measured trait(s) and their mean value(s)
 Should you be familiar with analytical statistics, please indicate:
 The variances of the measured traits
 The p-values of comparative tests (including name of the test)
 ____________________________________________________________________________
 ____

 In case you want to post your material, please send it to
 Daniel Fels / Jungstrasse 21 / 4056 Basel / Switzerland
 You can call also : ++41 61 321 27 60

 Jai Shri Mataji
 Daniel

 ------------------------------------------------

 From: Goran Frolen, Sweden <frolen@hotmail.com>
 Subject: Report from Sweden
 Date: Mon, 27 Sep 1999 06:43:19 PDT

 Report from Sweden

 We would just like to inform you that a Public Program has been held in a
 third city in Sweden called Norrkoping(previous cities Stockholm and
 Ornskoldsvik). 40 people came and a big majority felt the coole breeze. To
 the follow-up 20 new people came so in total 60 people got their realisation
 in two days. Later this autumn Public Program will also be held in a fourth
 city called Malmo. The people of sweden have lived in darkness for such a
 long time but it seems that our holy mothers joyful and divine energies has
 started to flow throughout our country. We are very greatful for being a
 part of this great event.

 Jai Shri Mataji

 Goran

 ------------------------------------------------

 NOTE FROM MARK: There have been many requests for this article,
 or information related to it. So here it is again...

 SAHAJA YOGA AT CENTRAL JAIL, NASHIK
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 It was a request from many Sahaja Yogis to us for conveying them how the
 programs were conducted at Central Jail. So we are requesting you all to
 spread this information through E-mail across the world.

 The inspiration for this program was from the news we got that there was
 Sahaja Yoga program for Police in Mumbai(Bombay) at Police Commissioners's
 office. So one Sahaja Yogini from Nashik contacted the Jail Superintendent.
 We felt very cool breeze when we met this person second time in Nashik.
 Then the Chief Jail Superintendent, Pune was requested to give permission
 for Sahaja Yoga program. An application was forwarded and we got his
 permission very easily.

 With his permission letter we went to Nashik Jail to start the program.
 With a small opening ceremony the program started at the central function
 hall in jail, where about 300 to 400 prisoners came and got their
 realization very easily. They were told about meditation, chakras & nadis.
 Basic
 knowledge was given to them. Out of these 300 to 400 prisoners, 35 came on
 their own for everyday meditation between 4.00 to 5.00 in the afternoon and
 the
 transformation process started within them.

 Within a period of 6 months with everyday meditation, with 2-3 such camps in
 jail about 100 prisoners became very good Sahaja Yogis. Now they are able to
 conduct meditation programs, can give realization, can talk about Sahaja
 Yoga. The
 prisoners are very satisfied, felt lot of transformations within themselves.
 The spontaneity in their life after doing Sahaja Yoga is remarkably noticed
 within themselves.

 In the next program when many new prisoners came for the program, one
 prisoner who became aware of Sahaja Yoga techniques gave realization to all
 very easily.
 When Shri Mataji came to know about this program in jail. She was very happy &
 faxed us one letter to us. The literal translation of this message is like
 this:

 Gudi Padwa Apr-97
 To, Sahaja Yogis
 All my blessings

 I was surprised & joyous to hear that you are doing so deep work even in
 jail. I never dreamt that Sahaja Yoga work will reach to jail. It is a
 pride moment
 for a mother that such work was carried by you in a very Sahaja manner.
 This is a work of love. So there will be love flowing amongst each other,
 not only that but also love for others will also be felt. And it will be
 taken care of that
 nobody will be harmed from us. You all are in my attention & I am asking to
 send your
 photos to me.

 Always Your Mother,

 Nirmala

 *******

 The news published in local Marathi news paper is like this :-'Yoga will
 transform prisoner's life in jail' Nashik-

 'In one of the critical moments in life which made you to crime & you are
 in jail.
 But it will not last longer. After you will be free from jail, you will be
 labelled as prisoner in the world. But what will be surely helpful in
 changing the view of the
 people, is Sahaja Yoga given by Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi'.

 So these were the quotes of a news paper editor who came for the ceremony as
 a chief guest in the jail. At this ceremony the prisoners practising Sahaja
 Yoga gave realization
 to the new coming prisoners.

 As part of rehabilitation & transformation different programs were
 conducted in jail, for example-
 Raksha Bandhan, Poetry, Yoga classes. Now Sahaja Yoga has entered in jail.
 Nashik district Sahaja Yoga
 leader Mr.Sadashiv Shukla, Mr.N.K.Pandit, Ravindra Kulkarni and all Sahaja
 Yogis taught the process of
 Sahaja Yoga to prisoners for 2 hours everyday.

 "We learned an art of living, We understand the process of cleansing of our
 mind and body. We were
 sleepless whole night, desire of revenge was burning within, but now we
 have become peaceful, can sleep
 well, anger is no more, we are freed from addictions". These were the
 heartfelt aggreements made by some
 of the seekers in the prison.

 The chief editor said -You're very lucky that you got your realization
 through Sahaja Yoga even though
 you are in jail. The balance in life is achieved by the process like Sahaja
 Yoga. Jails will be no more
 there if the community understands this yoga. And it will definitely
 benefit your lives. Furthermore he
 said, that there are many people with obstructive mind & criticism. But
 when they pass through such
 process of mind peace & experience realization then the complete
 transformation is seen in their lives.

 Mr.Sadashiv Shukla while informing Sahaja Yoga said that it is practised by
 millions of people in about
 80 countries all over the world. The person ascends with the cleansing of
 his mind & body. The jail
 Superintendent said that all prisoners are under stress all the time in the
 jail, are always burning with
 revenge in their mind. To make their life easy & sahaj such process brings
 peace in prisoners mind, gives
 self-discipline & increases productivity in jail.

 The prisoners were specifically asked to keep attention & cleansed Left
 Swadishthan, Vishuddhi & Agnya
 chakra for pure desire, no guilty feeling & forgiveness respectively.

 ------------------------------------------------

 From: "Nicholas Tan" <nicholas@sh-cogent.com.sg>
 Subject: Virus Warning on Christmas Day !!!!
 Date: Fri, 24 Sep 1999 08:32:08 +0800

 Please note.

 Warning on December 25, 1999 you may receive an
 email called, Lump of Coal...do not open it, it
 contains a deadly virus...it will erase your
 windows along with many other program files.
 Pass this on as soon as you can to get the
 WORD out!!! This is not a hoax....this was
 reported on the CBS morning news August 20,1999.


 In case you receive an email titled "How to Give a Cat a Colonic"
 DO NOT open it. It will erase everything on your hard drive.
 Forward this message to as many people as you can. This is a new,
 very malicious virus and not many people know about it. This information
 was announced yesterday morning by IBM; please share it with everyone
 in your address book so that the spreading of the virus may be stopped.
 This is a very dangerous virus and there is no remedy for it at this  time.

 ---------------------------------------------------



SY News - 61200.htm
 
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Here is the latest news for you to enjoy!

 * Missing: video tapes for Aruba at Diwali Puja
 * Programs in Estonia
 * Russian music therapy using ragas


 Much love and all the best,

 Mark

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 --------

 Dear brothers and sisters:

 Jai Shri Mataji. Aruba is missing a package of 8 video tapes and two more
 video tapes besides the package. The tapes were lost at the Diwali Puja
 Seminar at Lake Piru in Los Angeles. If any one has found these tapes they
 are requested to mail them to the American Sahaja Yoga Video Project. The
 mailing address is:

 American Sahaja Yoga Video Project
 c/o Prabhakar Wanage
 1321 East Ardmore Road
 Phoenix, AZ 85040
 USA

 Thank you. Jai Shri Mataji.

 Prabhakar
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 -------------

 Date: Tue, 21 Nov 2000 10:30:10 +0100
 From: Galina <galina@viisnurk.ee>
 Subject: Public Programs

 TO EVERYONE !!!

 JAI SHREE MATAJI !

 Dear brothers & sisters !

 There will be Public Programmes in 4 Estonian towns:
 25.11.2000 at 12.00 - in Johvi
 2.12.2000 at 15.00 - in Parnu
 3.12.2000 at 15.00 - in Tallinn
 9.12.2000 at 15.00 - in Narva

 Please keep your attention and do bandhan in order to overcome all
 obstacles in conducting these Programmes.

 Thank you very much !

 Much love,

 Estonian sahaja yogis.

 --------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 Here is an article from Russia on practical results when using
 music sounds (Indian ragas) for clearing chakras.

 Subject: Sahaj Musical treatment (Mail From Elena Sohoni, MOSCOW)
 Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2000 09:09:59 PDT

 Dearest Mr. Saudankar!

 Jay Shri Mataji!

 This is Elena Sohoni (Sushil Sohoni's wife) from Moscow. Our friends
 Dr. Nuriya and Katia asked me to send you e-mail with new
 results about their investigation in musical treatment. I am happy to
 perform their request and send all my regards to you and your family.

 The research of sounds influence on human's health (practice made in
 Moscow Sahaja Yoga center from April to June).
 During this period of time 26 people were under this sound-therapy
 and we got good results. Many of them have been practicing S-Yoga for short
 time and they joined the collective after this treatment. During music
 sessions we
 registrated the improvement of meditation and encreasing of vibrations.
 Some people started to feel vibrations on their head, hands, chakras where
 they had not felt
 before. Many people got rid from many deaseases. We send some of results:

 1. Svetlana Kravchenko, 1954, f.
 Practice of S-Y from 18.04.2000. Diagnosis: heart deasese, extrocystoliya.
 Practicing S-Y for 2 months. After 2 sessions of music treatment heart
 arithmia has disappeared. It was proved by electrocardiogram. 6.04.2000 -
 extrocystoliya;
 13.04.2000 - it is absent on electrocardiogram. the short breath has
 disappeared. She felt much more better.

 2. Elena Milyutenkova, 1955, f.
 Realisation date: 7.04.2000. Diagnosis: chronical pyclitis nephritis, stones
 in kidneys, chronical gastritis. After one sound session in the morning her
 urine was dark and with flakes and saunds. Pain in an ancel disappeared.
 She felt
 improvement of health, meditation and says about new awareness in vibrations.

 3. Yulia Agafonova, 1947, f.
 Realisation date: 7.04.2000. Diagnosis: chronical cholecystis. Didn't feel
 vibrations on hands. After sound-therapy started to feel stitches on palms.
 She feels better.

 4. Polina Oskina, 1948, f.
 10 years in S-Y. After sound-thearapy felt much better, relations in family
 improved. She felt very strong vibrations on Sahasrara.

 5. Elisaveta Timohina, 1974, f.
 2 years in S-Y. Diagnosis: psycho-somatic nature of heart insufficiency and
 stomachal - intestinal tract. After sound-treatment feelings of fear,
 emotional unstability
 disappeared, became more balanced. Improvement of sleep.

 6. Lidiya Nemtsova, 1949, f.
 3 years in S-Y. Diagnosis: fibro-mioma 6-7 weeks, paramopsoriasis,
 mastopathia. After sound-treatment pain dissapeared, tention in lactic
 glands disappeared, menses became regular. General condition became very good.

 7. Yuriy Plotnikov, 1937, m.
 Realisation date: 17.04.2000. Diagnosis: adenoma of prostate gland,
 chronical prostatitis. After sound-treatment considerable improvement, the
 tumor decreased, sleep improvement.

 8. Mariya Ionova, 1971, f.
 Diagnosis: chronical cholecystitis, insufficiency of bile movement, reactive
 pancreatnitic. After sound-therapy it was registreated the disappearence of
 inflamination of gall-bladder, stones in it became samaller. Pancriatic gland
 became normal: size is normalized, the stricture is homogeneous. Started to
 feel
 vibrations, practice S-Y regularly.

 9. Sophiya Stefanova, 1947, f.
 Diagnosis: hyperpresser 2, cr. of cervix of uterus, repture of stomach.
 After sound treatment disturbance of repture decreased, digestion improved.
 Started to feel vibrations on hands, improvement of meditation.

 10. Ilsiya Salahetalinova, 1948, f.
 After sound therapy meditation bacame deeper, started to feel vibrations
 much more better.

 11. Nelli Kulikova, 1946, f.
 10 years in S-Y. Diagnosis: diffusive toxic goitre, myoma. Before sound
 treatment blood pressure was high, after - it was decreased on 10-15 E.D.
 Normalisation of thyroral gland. Vibrations and meditation improved.

 12. Liubov Kuzmenko, 1954, f.
 Diagnosis: toxicosis thyroid 2, myoma, mastopathiya. After sound-treatment
 thyroid hormons became normal. Knots of uterus decreased. Started to feel
 vibrations in chakras.

 13. Nataliya Goriaynova, 1951, f.
 Diagnosis: phobias, depression. After sound-therapy general condition became
 better. Became more self-confident, started to feel vibrations.

 14. Tatiyana Golikova, 1949, f.
 Diagnosis: disminoreya, hypotanction of the ovaries, chronical eczema,
 hypertoniya 2. After treatment pains disappeared, feeling of burden on heart
 dissapeared, menses became regular. Feels more balanced.

 15. Galina Roberts, 1948, f.
 Diagnosis: muscular back pains, pinching of back nerve.
 After treatment she feels very well. She came back to S-Y. She didn't
 practice S-Y for 2 years.

 16. Liudmila Julebiy, 1971, f.
 Diagnosis: toxic-diffisive thyroid 2, chest osteohondrosis, giddeness. After
 treatment muscular pains along spine disappeared; perspirations and blood
 pressure became normal; weakness, giddiness stopped. Started to meditate
 regularly
 and joined the collective sahaja programmes.

 17. Irina Samoylova, 1966, f.
 2 months in S-Y. Diagnosis: chronical gastritis, neirodermitis. After
 treatment itch stopped; started to feel vibrations and meditate regularly.

 18. Raisa Romanova, 1939, f.
 Diagnosis: cholecystitis.
 After treatment general condition, attention and feeling of vibrations
 improved.

 19. Eduard Izotov, 1934, m.
 Diagnosis: insufficiency of cerebral blood circulation, partial
 paralisation. After therapy started to feel vibrartions; began to walk with
 stick without anybody's help; blood pressure became normal, general condition
 improved; meditates regularly.

 NOTES
 Musical therapy was given with all complex of Sahaja Yoga methods of
 treatment which patients did at home. Time of one musical session was 21
 minutes during 7 days. Sounds on Mooladara, Bhavasagara and Agnia chakras
 were used in different occasions. Now our center stopped its work for some
 time
 as we need a new office. We kindly ask yogis of Nasik to make bandan! We send
 our deep gratitude to Mr. Videh for this knowledge due to which we could
 help many
 people in their health improvement and spiritual growth. All other news and
 information will be sent.

 Jay Shri Mataji!

 With respect Nouriya, Katya.


 

SY News - 91199.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Hope everyone enjoyed Diwali Puja. I'm sure everyone would love to hear from 
 anyone fortunate enough to have attended the puja with Shri Mataji in Greece.

 The India Tour forms should be sent out to the tour coordinators in a few days.
 The forms were sent out in Quark Xpress format which not too many people
 have and they are in the process of being converted to a more universal format
 manually. Also, I understand there are still some charter seats available from 
 Austria to India for about 500 DM. For more information you can contact 
 Edith: edith.petermann@orf.at 

 Please enjoy the news!

 * News from the Nagpur Academy
 * A poem by Ganeshwara
 * Jamaica Report

 Kind Regards,

 Mark

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: Shri Babamama, Nagpur Academy, <salve@nagpur.dot.net.in> 
 Subject: News from the Academy 
 Date: Mon, 8 Nov 1999 12:18:44 +0530 

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 In December this year, approximately 110 students from all over the world will be travelling together to Ganapatipule! And we started with only 3 in 1995! 
 Although we are constructing more buildings, at the moment we only have capacity for 80 students on a double occupancy per room basis, with about 20 students who can be accommodated in a dormitory. (As you can imagine, all offers to sleep on the roof / tree-house are gladly accepted!!)

 Many students expect to learn about Indian Classical music at the Academy in just one month! This is a difficult task for the guru, who has spent his lifetime mastering his art through the guru-shishya principle. This tradition is about the relationship between guru and student, which is as important as the lessons. The student earns the right to more instruction through his practise, respect of the subject and dedication, all of which takes time. That is why a minimum of three months at the Academy is recommended. 

 There is an Academy leaflet, about courses offered, fees and other general information, with an application form attached. All students who wish to come, need to fill in one of these forms, and fax or e-mail it back (after it has been signed by your local Sahaj leader) so that a place can be reserved for you. Please fill in a form even if you have previously spoken to me. (If you need a copy of the application form you can e-mail or fax us.)

 Students who are at the Academy for at least two months before Ganapatipule / Birthday Puja are entitled to register at a student rate. Students arriving later will need to pay for Ganapatipule/Birthday Puja from their home country, at the foreign rate, before coming to India.
  
 In the past Shri Mataji has granted scholarships to talented and deserving musicians, who are unable to afford to come to the Academy. The responsibility of a scholarship student is to give classes to other Sahaja Yogis once they get back to their own countries. Although fees will be paid, the scholarship students (or their collective) must be able to support themselves during their stay i.e puja costs, seminars, travel and other general expenses. If you do feel that you fall into this category then fill out the application form, and send it together with a letter from your leader, supporting your request, which will then be considered.

 After their stay, all Academy students are expected to spread what they have learned, to the people of their county. This was the late P.K. Salve’s (Shri Mataji’s father) dream, that the depth and richness of the Indian culture should spread all over the world.

 I look forward to welcoming you all at the Academy.

 With all my blessings

 BABAMAMA

 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

 THE NECTAR OF SELF-AWARENESS 

 by Gyaneshwara (1275-1297) 

 I honor the God and the Goddess, 
 The eternal parents of the universe. 

 The Lover, out of boundless love, 
 takes the form of the Beloved. 
 What beauty! 
 Both are made of the same nectar 
 and share the same food. 

 Out of Supreme Love 
 they swallow each other up, 
 But separate again 
 for the joy of being two. 

 They are not completely the same 
 but neither are they different. 
 None can tell exactly what they are. 

 How intense is their longing 
 to be with each other. 
 This is their greatest bliss. 
 Never, even in jest, 
 Do they allow their unity 
 to be disturbed. 

 They are so averse to separation 
 That even though they have become 
 this entire world, 
 Never for a moment do they let a difference 
 come between them. 

 Even though they see 
 all that is animate and inanimate, 
 as arising from within themselves, 
 Never do they recognize a third. 

 They sit together 
 in the same place, 
 Both wearing a garment of light. 
 From the beginning of time 
 they have been together, 
 Reveling in their own Supreme Love. 

 The difference they created 
 to enjoy this world 
 Had one glimpse of their intimacy 
 And could not help 
 but merge back into the bliss 
 found in their union. 

 Without the God 
 there is no Goddess, 
 And without the Goddess 
 there is no God. 

 How sweet is their love! 
 The entire Universe 
 is too small to contain them, 
 Yet they live happily 
 in the tiniest particle.... 

 Gyaneshwara says, 
 "I honor the union of Shiva and Shakti, 
 who devour this world of name and form 
 like a sweet dish. 
 All that remains is the One." 

 Embracing each other 
 they merge into One, 
 As darkness merges with the light 
 At the breaking of dawn. 

 When we discover their Unity 
 All words and all thoughts 
 dissolve into silence, 
 Just as when the Universal Deluge comes, 
 the waters of the ocean, and of the Ganges, 
 will merge into one.... 

 A reflected image disappears 
 when the mirror is removed, 
 Ripples merge back into the water 
 when the wind becomes still. 

 When sleep comes to an end 
 a man returns to his own senses. 
 Now my individuality has come to an end, 
 and I have returned to Shiva and Shakti. 

 Salt gives up its salty taste 
 to become one with the ocean; 
 I gave up my individual self 
 and become Shiva and Shakti. 

 When the covering is removed, 
 the air inside a plantain tree 
 merges with the air outside. 
 And this is how I honor Shiva and Shakti - 
 by removing all separation and 
 becoming one with them. 

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: Nigel Powell, UK <ntp@cix.co.uk> 
 Subject: Jamaica report 
 Date: Thu, 21 Oct 1999 19:15:56 +0100 

 This is an account of a recent visit we made to Jamaica, by the blessing of Shri 
 Mataji, to introduce Sahaja Yoga to the island. It is in two parts. Please 
 forgive any errors with the piece.

 Part 1 
 Perhaps it should be called Paradise Lost. This beautiful island with palm trees 
 swaying, crystal clear blue waters and lush inland vegetation. How else to 
 define a country where such beauty contrasts with a society which is in such a 
 tragic state of decline? I last visited the country of my birth some 18 years 
 ago, and even then there were signs that all was not well. Roads in disrepair, 
 violence on the increase and a general discontent in the air did not bode well 
 for the future of this once happy land.

 Today it is much worse. Unemployment stands at around 17% (some 400,000 out of 
 the island's 2.25 million population), corruption and apathy is rife at all 
 levels of society and over 1000 people are murdered every year. Every
 newspaper  and television news report is simply a long litany of murder, vice and poverty. 
 To our absolute dismay it really seems as if anarchy is just around the corner 
 in this beautiful land. What a difference from the 'Smile Jamaica' image
 of the  late 60's.

 All the more strange, then, to find ourselves here to try and introduce Sahaja 
 Yoga to the island. The three of us arrived from the UK with little idea of what 
 we would find, save for sketchy reports of violence in the capital
 Kingston and  stories about the nearby hurricane Cindy. The reality has surprised us all.
 We had prepared the way by organising from the UK some postering and newspaper 
 advertising in the Jamaican media. In this way we hoped to be able to get to 
 work as quickly as possible when we landed. The plan was to hold two public 
 programs in Kingston followed by a three week course at the same location in the 
 capital. A total of 9 meetings.

 We landed in Jamaica on Wednesday 25th August, arriving to find a hot and sticky 
 Kingston. Very quickly we realised that all was not well with the country. The 
 journey from the airport was a real eye opener in terms of witnessing the
 slums  and deprivation this small island was undergoing. The traffic was appalling, 
 streets broken and littered and the overall effect was of flying to the 
 Caribbean and landing in the worst areas of Mumbai instead.

 We tried hard to ignore the signs of decline in the capital and the stark 
 newspaper headlines as we prepared for the first program to be held on
 Saturday  28th. We hurried around the capital for the three days, trying to interest 
 television and radio to report the programs - unfortunately without much success 
 initially - and checking out the arrangements at the venue, the YWCA hall in 
 Camp Road. And all the while at the back of our mind was the wonder of it
 all -  that we were here to do this work. What a privilege. What we were unsure about 
 was what reception Sahaja Yoga was likely to receive in a land where gospel 
 Christianity, Rastafarianism and black magic played such a prominent part.

 And so the evening came and we hurried to the hall to complete our
 preparations  and wait for whatever Mother held in store for us. And what a surprise. The 
 seekers came and what lovely people they were too. With Derek meeting them at 
 the gate they came in with big open hearted smiles, looking for answers.
 What a  revelation. One hundred seekers of all sorts and ages came to Shri Mataji's door 
 to be comforted, and the Vibrations just flowed and flowed. Of course as
 is the  Sahaj way we had our share of interesting circumstances to cope with. The 
 security guard disappeared half way through the night and the Jamaican Red Cross 
 Association chose this night to hold the loudest Reggae party of the year across 
 the road - an interesting experience to meditate to!

 But nothing could stop the Joy of the evening. By the end of the program, all 
 eyes were shining and even the searching questions posed by some Christian 
 worries were asked with a good nature. As the last of the visitors left 
 clutching details of the follow ups in their hands, we looked at each
 other and  smiled. What in the world could compare with the Joy of serving God in this 
 manner, of being an instrument of Truth where it was needed so badly?

 Our surprise and delight turned to even greater happiness the next day
 when 120  seekers arrived at the hall for the 3.30pm program. All during the afternoon as 
 we had been setting up, we could sense something. Suddenly the breeze was 
 flowing in Kingston, cooling it down considerably. A healthy omen. The seekers 
 again came with open hearts and a genuine desire to learn. We could only surmise 
 that in this uncertain environment, where jobs and lives were at jeopardy
 every  day, seekers longed to find something to rely on, something that would not let 
 them down. Again the program ended with happy faces and earnest and respectful 
 questioning - a far cry from the attitude we had expected. How to explain the 
 couple who arrived 1 ½ hours early, or the Indian family of four - including two 
 lovely little daughters - who drove 4 hours from the North Coast to
 attend both  public programmes?

 So now we are preparing for the course itself. Today - Monday 30th - we have 
 been asked to present a program at the University of West Indies for the 
 returning students (such a Joy to prepare large and small posters to be put up 
 all around the campus). We have been photocopying literature and trying
 to keep  ourselves balanced so that we can provide a good example to those that will take 
 the trouble to return tomorrow. And all the while we recite in silence to 
 ourselves "Mother we do nothing, you do everything". And there is nothing else 
 that seems to matter.

 Tuesday 31st 
 This morning we had an earthquake. Not huge by any means, but certainly a
 shift  in the ground beneath our feet. Later the news reports it as 3.2 on the Richter 
 scale. What could this mean? Hopefully a healthy and auspicious event to
 herald  the start of the follow up course in the evening. And what a fantastic surprise 
 we had again. Over 130 seekers came to the meeting, old faces and around
 20 new  seekers encouraged to attend through word of mouth. Such earnest seekers too. 
 Ready to laugh and enjoy as we try our simple best to entertain, inform and 
 help. By the end of the evening we again had an ocean of 
 happy faces before us, each of whom seem to be serious about 
 embarking on their new journey. We remember that they are willing to brave their 
 fears of the infamous Kingston night time crime wave to attend and suddenly 
 their enthusiasm becomes more understandable. We end the night with smiles, 
 encouragement and that sensation of Vibrations which can only be understood by 
 Yogis.

 Part 2 
 Saturday 4th. 
 We have scheduled the meeting for the afternoon instead of evening, and it turns 
 out to be a testing one in a few ways. Suddenly over the past few days
 the rain  has increased its tempo and today it falls in an absolute torrent for several 
 hours before the meeting. Thunder and lightning add to the pyrotechnics and 
 suddenly all the electricity goes off as we are setting up the meeting. Not only 
 that, but the caretaker has forgotten to open the door so we have to use
 a rear  access to get in. This means that the seekers will have to splash through some 
 deep puddles as an impromptu footsoak on the way in and then clamber over the 
 stage and in front of the photograph of Shri Mataji to get to their seats.

 Despite the downpour, no electricity or lights and the locked gate around 100 
 people attend. Many are obviously starting to experience important things, 
 because they come up to us at the end of the meeting with their own private 
 observations. One of them approaches quietly and calls it a great blessing to 
 get wet on the way in to the meeting, another talks seriously to us about how 
 Sahaja Yoga can save Jamaica and yet another informs the group that his anger 
 has started to subside generally.

 This is a significant meeting, because it is the first time that we have a 
 workshop. It is only a guided one, but obviously very well received by all 
 attending. On the way home afterwards there is the most amazing colours in the 
 sky and a cloud bearing an uncanny resemblance to Shri Ganesha.

 On the Sunday we do our own humble Puja to Shri Krishna, trying to place our 
 Attention at the centre of the universe in Cabella where Shri Virata Puja is 
 being held. After a few hours the most ferocious thunderstorm arrives again, the 
 thunder is loud enough to set off car alarms! At one point we notice what
 looks  like a huge angel formed in the clouds in the sky, and the lightning literally 
 continues all day and into the night.

 One thing we have noticed is the affect that doing our 'proper' work has
 had on  our Attention. It is impossible not to feel a part of the Collective, and our 
 Attention is constantly on clearing and staying clear. We do Pujas as many 
 mornings as we can, and when we can't, we recite the names of the Deities in 
 order to petition for their help. It is a wonderful exercise in the spiritual 
 life!

 Tuesday 7th . 
 On Monday Derek informs us that he has managed to get us onto breakfast 
 television to talk about SY. High excitement. It is the number one television 
 station in Jamaica and the equivalent of most Western breakfast television 
 magazine shows. We duly rise early on the day and arrive at the studio to set up 
 our Chakra chart. The interview is quite long (around 10 minutes) and the questions 
 are very intelligent and well-meaning. Their slant is stress relief, but we 
 manage to steer the conversation around to a more spiritual tone and at
 the end  give the two interviewers their Realisation on air.

 After we go off air, the lady interviewer - who is quite well known in Jamaica - 
 rushes over to us to spend an animated 5 minutes chatting about SY before her 
 next spot. She is an avid seeker and says that she will try and attend
 the next  meeting. Unfortunately in the event she doesn't make it, but we feel that she is 
 certainly a prime candidate for next time!

 Thursday 9th 
 A busy day. We have a lunchtime SY seminar booked at the University of West 
 Indies campus and the regular Thursday course meeting in the evening. The 
 University is a beautiful setting, with the same kind of feel as campuses all 
 around the world. We set up and eventually around 20 - 30 people attend and 
 receive their Realisation. Afterwards the questions come thick and fast - 
 students are, after all, being trained to think about things aren't they?
 It is  all very nice though, and the lady organiser invites us back to repeat the 
 program when we can. She also is a seeker and says that she enjoyed the 
 meditation a lot.

 The evening meeting turns out to be a tough one. Around 80 people turn up and it 
 is clear that it is becoming tougher for some to make the commitment. In the 
 event these 80 continue attending for the rest of the course and are the core of 
 those who we have already begun to think of as 'Jamaican Yogis'!

 The remainder of the course runs without any major event, although we are just 
 so surprised at how easily the seekers have taken to our Mother's Yoga in such a 
 short time. At the last meeting, as the final workshop starts, it's hard to 
 believe that this room full of earnest practitioners had no idea about
 the True  Yoga only three weeks ago! Such a blessing from God. At the end of the course 
 they embarrass us with presents and a farewell speech and a request to return 
 soon, and we for our part find it difficult to speak because of the emotion.

 We have left them with a course room booked so that they can continue to meet 
 every Thursday for collective meditations and we hope that those who have 
 volunteered to be co-ordinators work out well. Bandhans please! It is terribly 
 hard for us to leave that final evening after handing over the materials for the 
 new Kingston meeting; we know we should be more detached, but still - in amongst 
 this gathering are our new brothers and sisters! Smile. The good news,
 however,  is that we have around 50 e-mail addresses and already we have started chatting 
 over the distance to them all. So this is the reason God created e-mail? The 
 comments coming back from Kingston are as lovely as ever, 'still meditating', 
 'changed my life', 'it's really working' and so on... What a Joy!

 So what have we learned (for surely we must have been given this
 opportunity to  help us grow as well)? Number one is probably the realisation that we can be 
 still surprised by people's response to SY. We arrived on the island with no 
 real knowledge of what we would find, and were just amazed by the quantity and 
 quality of seekers who came to the course. What an amazing experience.

 Second, we realised that we don't have to do much, everything is done by the 
 Paramachaitanya. Because of the security fears, for example, all of the meetings 
 ran to around 1 hour maximum. For this reason we talked as little as possible 
 and simply stressed the importance of 'feeling' SY. So the emphasis was on the 
 meditation, not on our talking and it seemed to work! Perhaps this is a lesson 
 that we could use elsewhere?

 Finally we learned the most important thing. That this job of spreading the 
 Truth is our only job, it is The Job. We were truly and totally comfortable in 
 our role, as all Yogis are when they are flowing with the Vibrations and
 in the  comfort of the protection of the Adi Shakti. Wondrous indeed. Jai Shri Mataji.
 Obeisance again and again to The One who does everything and is everything, to 
 the Light of the World and Salvation of Humankind, Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi. Jai 
 Jai Jai.

 Derek Ferguson, Nicholas Burrin, Nigel Powell.

 NOTE FROM NIGEL: Those who would like to see photographs can go to www.easyfoto.com 
 and enter nigel as the album name. The password is yogi. If anyone would like to help out with 
 follow up programs in the future, please feel free to write to me <ntp@cix.co.uk>.

 Love,

 Nigel

SY News - 101199.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Yet more news from the worldwide collective. Please enjoy!

 * Vote for person of the millenium
 * Navaratri Puja Report
 * News from China
 * Public Programme at Indore
 * Public Program in Harlem (NY, USA)
 * CD Photo Project

 Kind Regards,

 Mark

 ------------------------------------------------------

 The Times of India is polling the people to see who has been the most 
 important person this millenium. All Sahaj Yogi's, please register your 
 vote for Shri Mataji. We should standardize the name we are entering 
 so that the computer recognizes it as the same person. Please use
 "Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi".

http://www.timesofindia.com/century/ 
 <http://www.timesofindia.com/century/gmindgur.html> gmindgur.html 

 ------------------------------------------------------

 From: Steve Wollenberger, USA, <swollen108@aol.com>
 Fri, 22 Oct 1999 18:27:11 -0500 
 Subject: Navaratri 


 Navaratri Puja in Cabella

 Amongst the countless blessings of Sahaja yoga, a great and unexpected 
 one for me was the opportunity I had last weekend to attend Navaratri 
 Puja weekend in Cabella. This account of the event is the best my memory 
 can do, and I hope all those who were there will forgive any 
 inaccuracies!

 The weekend was hosted by the yogis from the UK, Poland and the Ukraine. 
 The atmosphere was joyful and relaxed, and everything, from 
 transportation to meals, was flawlessly organized. Everything worked so 
 smoothly, and yet I never saw any yogis from the host countries looking 
 anything other than relaxed and joyful. There must have been lots of hard 
 work going on, but it was invisible to me as a guest. Needless to say, 
 the host countries were tremendous hosts!

 I arrived soon after the Friday night entertainment program began. We 
 were treated first to a fantastic concert by a Ukrainian bhajan group. 
 This was followed by a number of performers from the UK and Ukraine who 
 performed classical music, including a Ukrainian opera singer who sang 
 beautifully, and a young boy (16 years old) who sang a Schubert song and 
 played several pieces on the cello with great skill and deep expression. 
 His entire performance expressed a depth beyond his years by any 
 standard, but as we know, the young people in Sahaja Yoga have such a 
 different capacity for depth and understanding from that of the average 
 young person. We also heard from a young Polish yogi who is a virtuoso 
 guitarist in the Spanish flamenco style. He played beautifully, and Shri 
 Mataji later referred to him as a "genius". The evening ended with a few 
 pop/folk songs by Jeremy from England, whose songs seem written to speak 
 straight to the heart of seekers. The music was wonderful and the poetry 
 of the lyrics was deep and very moving.

 Arriving in the hangar that night, exhausted from a long journey, 
 feeling less than a shining example of an enlightened soul, the most 
 remarkable thing was to sit down in the midst of my brothers and sisters, 
 in the Presence of our Mother, and to feel that instantly, I was being 
 soothed and healed from within. It was so profound to feel this very fast 
 transformation, and I was filled with the feeling that I was at home, I 
 had reached the Feet of our Mother, where everything is fine, and 
 everything is in Her loving Hands.

 The other star of Friday night and the whole weekend, was Shri Mataji's 
 great grandson, Anant. He was almost constantly on Shri Mataji's lap 
 during the programs, and often, the video team chose to film this 
 incredibly sweet and beautiful scene instead of the performers on stage, 
 and quite a few of us, myself included, I must admit, had our eyes on the 
 projection screen, watching this divine scene during parts of the music 
 program!

 On Saturday there was lots of time to visit, shoebeat, meditate, and just 
 enjoy being there. It was really heavenly, reuniting with friends from 
 India tours and pujas gone by, and being in the vibrations of Shri Mataji 
 and the collective.

 The Saturday evening program began with some extremely well presented 
 Scottish folk music, performed by a Scottish yogini. She played lively 
 "fiddle" tunes, and sang some ballads, including a riveting acapella 
 song about a piper and a pipe maker. The message of the song was very 
 Sahaj, concluding that neither the instrument not the player can express 
 its meaning without the other.

 This was followed by a presentation by a great kathak dancer, who has 
 been performing for Shri Mataji for 20 years (I have forgotten his name). 
 He began with a presentation of a group of Sahaja Yogis from London who 
 he had been training for a very short time. It was incredible to see the 
 level to which these yogis and yoginis had risen in just a few months. It 
 was a beautiful performance, and the correography was also very 
 beautiful, often incorporating movements suggestive of the rising of the 
 Kundalini. It truly reflected the instructor's appreciation for Sahaja 
 Yoga and Shri Mataji.

 He followed with a kathak presentation of his own, full of creativity and 
 rhythmic dynamism. He was an excellent host, as well, during his 
 performance, informing us as to what he was attempting to express in each 
 piece, and making the utmost effort to please his audience.

 A highlight of the evening was the play by the English, in which they 
 took on a very ambitious theme, beginning with a time before time and 
 before the creation. The play depicted the role of the Mother from the 
 very beginning, through the entire play of creation and evolution. The 
 focus was partly on the relationship between the Goddess and Shri Shiva 
 throughout the process, and partly on Adam and Eve, and the evolution of 
 humanity as represented through them. The play highlighted the corrected 
 version, as told by Shri Mataji years ago, of the Garden of Eden story, 
 in which the serpent is the messenger of the Goddess, bringing free will 
 and the chance to evolve to humanity. It was a very deep play, full of 
 good music, humor and profound insights. The play, of course, ends with 
 humanity in the mess of kali yuga, Shri Shiva about to dance the Tandava, 
 and the Goddess deciding that She must incarnate to save Her children, 
 which she does, leaving everyone in joy, and Shri Shiva satisfied with 
 the outcome of the play of evolution.

 After the play, Shri Mataji spoke about it, saying that She was very 
 pleased about it, and that it should be videotaped and shown on 
 television. She mentioned that it might be more possible for people to 
 consider the very controversial messages in the form of a play, rather 
 than being told directly. Since the play basically rewrites the theology 
 of most of the western world, it would indeed be hard to confront people 
 with these ideas as facts, but in the theater it comes across very well.

 On Sunday we were blessed to be in our Mother's presence for the 
 celebration of Navaratri puja.As we awaited the Shri Mataji's arrival the 
 vibrations were incredibly strong, truly blissful. The subject of Shri 
 Mataji's talk was primarily Shri Mahakali. As Shri Mataji was addressing 
 issues pertaining to the left side, somehow I went from being pretty 
 alert to struggling to stay awake as soon as our Divine Mother began to 
 speak. So, I don't remember that much of the talk, but here are a few 
 points, to the best of my recollection:

 Shri Mahakali likes light 
 We have to worship Shri Mahakali to awaken Her qualities in us, and then 
 we must also clearly tell Her what we want Her to do, otherwise She may 
 not know. This was a big point for me, realizing that we need to very 
 specifically ask for the destruction of various negativities, and the 
 establishment of various qualities. ( I immediately started naming them 
 and requesting Her help within after the puja! ) 

 Shri Mataji spoke about evil people. I remember Her saying that there are 
 people who are born evil, and people who become evil. She used vampires 
 as an example of people who have absolutely no Mahakali power in them, as 
 they are afraid of light in all the stories. Shri Mataji said, this means 
 that the Mahakali power has receded from a person. 

 I remember that Shri Mataji also spoke, briefly about the MahaSaraswati 
 power, but unfortunately I don't remember the content.

 Please excuse me for remembering so little of the talk. It was a fairly 
 short talk; and hopefully the tape will be out soon. The puja itself was 
 also very short. Children washed Shri Mataji's Feet, and then seven 
 ladies came up to decorate Shri Mataji. It all happened very fast.

 The gift giving was probably longer than the puja. Each country gave a 
 beautiful gift and we all revelled in the vibrations and the joy of being 
 still in Mother's Presence. The English gave a huge statue of the Goddess 
 riding a lion, bearing Her weapons. This gift was not only striking, but 
 may well have the distinction of being the heaviest puja gift ever given, 
 It was amazing to watch five or six strong men struggle just to move it!
 After Shri Mataji left the hall the atmosphere was full of joy and many 
 of us spent time visiting, some of us saying goodbye, exchanging 
 addresses, etc.

 I left for the airport very early the next morning, having had a short 
 visit to Cabella, but one which was packed with vibrations and deep 
 fulfillment.

 Bolo Shri Mahakali, Shri Durga Mata, Shri Adi Shakti Mataji, Shri Nirmala Devi Ki Jai!!!

 ------------------------------------------------------------------

 Date: Fri, 22 Oct 1999 22:37:15 -0700 (PDT) 
 From: Alex Henshaw <alex_henshaw@yahoo.com> 
 Subject: China News 

 China Update 

 Dear brothers and sisters, 

 China Programs Face Obstacles 
 With the current crack down on the Faulun Gong sect in 
 China the authorities have clamped down on all non 
 registered gatherings. The program we had been holding 
 in the park in Shenzhen has been stopped and a lot of 
 the yogis who were coming regularly have not come 
 back. There is a lot of intimidation by the 
 authorities so people are very scared. We have 
 recently moved the centre there to another location in 
 a newer building. It is a smaller flat but at the at 
 moment we are maintaining a presence. There are only a 
 few people coming regularly compared to the 12 or so 
 we had before. We would humbly request all our 
 brothers and sisters to give bandhans and to shoe beat 
 this problem. 

 Shri Mataji suggested at the Ganesha Puja that the 
 Russians should help to bring Sahaja Yoga to China as 
 they had a closer relationship with the Chinese than 
 the westerners. 

 Chinese Language Newsletter 
 A number of issues of the Chinese Language Sahaja Yoga 
 Newsletter have already been produced. We are now 
 posting the newsletter on the web and it can be 
 downloaded. If you are Chinese or have Chinese in your 
 collective who would like to receive it the address 
 is: angelfire.com/ak/scriptbook
 Any articles in Chinese on Sahaja Yoga or related 
 spiritual subjects are also wellcome. 

 Navaratri Weekend 
 Over the weekend of Navaratri the Hong Kong collective 
 celebrated a long weekend in the country. Despite the 
 small size of Hong Kong over 60% of the total area of 
 is reserved as parkland. HK is a very mountainous 
 region and large peaks rise from the sea to over 900 
 metres. The seminar was held in Sai Kung which is 
 surrounded by mountains and sea. One of the Yogini's 
 has a friend with a holiday house in a secluded valley 
 called Tai Mong Tsai. The area has been settled for 
 over 400 years and has a number of old villages 
 surrounded by overgrown terraced rice fields. The 
 house was an old farm building and has been converted 
 into a 2 story house with 4 bedrooms and 2 living 
 rooms with a large kitchen. An ideal size and perfect 
 for our seminar. On Saturday night all the yogis met 
 in a local Chinese "Hakar" restaurant. The Hakar's are 
 the traditional Chinese people who have inhabited the 
 area for over 500 years. Their cuisine is very 
 distinctive and they have a number of speciality 
 dishes. After dinner we returned to the house and 
 enjoyed bajhans late into the night. On Sunday a havan 
 was prepared with a big fire and all the negativity 
 was offered. It was an amazing feeling when the names 
 of Shri Durga and Shri Maha Kali were read as the 
 whole left side cleared and there was a complete 
 clarity. The breeze blew gently through the trees and 
 one could feel a complete silence and tranquility 
 enhanced by this beautiful place. Nearby the river 
 flowed and the sound of water rushing over rocks 
 mingled with the sound of the wind. We are so blessed 
 with all the elements to help our ascent! 

 In the early evening the Puja was prepared outside on 
 the lawn at the front of the house. The house is very 
 private and there are no neighbours to see. It was the 
 first time in Hong Kong that we had held a Puja 
 outside. A beautiful altar was prepared and decorated 
 with and flowers. Shri Mataji's photo looked so real 
 and we could feel her presence. The sun set and the 
 puja continued into the early evening. Sitting on the 
 earth enhanced the vibrations and the cool wind blew 
 all around. Everyone went into deep meditation after 
 enjoying the blessings of our Holy Mother. A very 
 memorable Puja! 

 The following day was a holiday so we enjoyed another 
 day of collectivity. In the morning shoe beating on 
 the lawn and a trip to the river for a foot soak. A 
 delicious BBQ lunch and then collective string 
 burning. All in all a tremendous weekend of love and 
 enjoyment for the yogis of Hong Kong.
  
 Sadly the time came to leave this beautiful place and 
 return to the noise and pollution of the city but at 
 least inside we can keep the peace. 

 Jai Shri Mataji! 

 Lots of love, 

 Alex. 

 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: satish baser, India [mailto:sagarika@bom4.vsnl.net.in] 
 Sent: Tuesday, October 26, 1999 8:05 PM 
 Subject: Public Programme at Indore

 Jai Sri Mataji, 

 A grand public programme on Sahajyoga was conducted at Indore on 24th 
 Oct.99, 

 About 5000 seekers attended the programme and got realisation. 
 Preparation for the programme started two weeks ago, banners and posters 
 were displayed in the whole city and also in the surrounding towns like 
 Mhow, Dewas, Ujjain, Ratlam etc.
  
 Press conference was arranged a week before the programme and explained 
 to reporters about Sahaj and importance of Sahaj in human life, so all local 
 news papers published news of this program. 

 A day before the programme a rally was arranged, Sahajyogis from nearby 
 towns also took part in the rally with the locals.
  
 Sahajyogis visited all the schools of the city, explained the principals of 
 the schools the importance of Sahajyoga particularly for the students and 
 invited all of them with staff, students, family and friends to attend the 
 programme. Normally these principals are very busy and give time with very 
 difficulty, but surprisingly all of them listened to us carefully and took 
 interest in Sahaj, many requested us to arrange separate programme for 
 students in their school afterwards as exams are going on, as Sahajyogis we 
 knew that its not our efforts but Sri Matajis blessings were working. 

 In the public programme state leader Wg. Comm.(Retd) Arvind Bakshi explained 
 the seekers about Sahajyoga, Sri Mataji, Nadis and Chakras and finally 
 blessings of Sri Mataji in the form of realisation was given, all seekers 
 listened silently and took realisation with great interest.
  
 Yours in Sahaj,

 Satish Baser 

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: alan.wherry@bloomsburyusa.com [mailto:alan.wherry@bloomsburyusa.com] 
 Sent: Thursday, October 28, 1999 7:11 AM 
 Subject: Harlem

 This Yogi was privileged to attend the first public program to be held in the 
 YMCA in Harlem, New York last night. (October 26th 1999). Harlem is a suburb 
 of Manhattan, famous for it's Afro-American population.

 New York Yogis had leafleted in the streets of Harlem for two afternoons, 
 and the room that was booked, held 15 people comfortably.
 40 new people turned up, which meant that the Yogis who came in support, 
 waited outside the room so that the new people could be accommodated. There was 
 still an overflow and several new ladies had their self-realization in the 
 corridor.

 Those of us who were outside could feel the very strong flow of vibrations 
 and most of the new people testified afterwards to the power of their 
 experience. A joyful occasion and one that promises much for the future.

 Alan 

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------

 Date: Sun, 31 Oct 1999 16:52:38 -0500 
 From: Aleksey Yelesin, USA <maryci@ce.net> 
 Subject: CD ROM Photo Library

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 CALL FOR PHOTOS

 I am creating a CD of photos of Shri Mataji which will eventually be 
 available for sale to the collective. I now have about 100 well scanned 
 and edited photos of Shri Mataji. We can put about 1000 photos on single 
 CD (with size of picture about 1 MB). We'd like to invite yogis to send 
 their personal photos of Shri Mataji from public programs or pujas to be 
 included in the CD. All photos will be returned. We would especially 
 like photos with information about where and when they were taken. We 
 also need photos of Shri Mataji's feet.

 You can use such CD for any sahaj publications or personal use by 
 computer. Manufacturer guarantees 100 years of safety of information. 
 Photos won't fade, destroy, tear. You always can adjust settings of 
 photos using modern software.

 What we can do: scan photos up to 8x14 inch in color up to 600 dpi 
 (usually 300 or 400), adjust color and brightness, fix scratches and red 
 eyes. We cannot scan from slides and bigger sizes at this time.
 Any yogi with a good collection of photos or some unique shots, who 
 would like to participate in the creation of this disk, please call 
 Aleksey for further information. (302) 539-2803 or email: maryci@ce.net



SY News - 131000.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 The latest SY news for you to enjoy!

 * The purchase of Mother's childhood home
 * Meditation on Mooladhar
 * (18 or) 21 institutions - correction 
 * More news of Mother's UK visit

 Much love from your brother Mark

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
  To all the Sahaja Yogis of the World 
  
  Dear Brothers and Sisters in Sahaj, 
  
  Jai Shri Mataji 
  
  As you may know, in the past we have been trying to purchase the 
  birthplace of Shri Mataji in Chindawara but the present owner always 
  refused to sell the full property. Just recently he informed us that he 
  is ready to sell and, needless to say, we are all full of joy and 
  enthusiasm. I am sure you all understand the subtle importance and 
  significance of "ransoming" the birthplace of Our Holy Mother, the Adi 
  Shakti, and we appeal to your Sahaj sense of generosity ......... 
  For this particular purpose we have opened a special account where you 
  are warmly invited and encouraged to send your contributions. Please
  contact your center/country leaders for details.

  With love, Guido

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

From: Alex Schlosser [mailto:alexschlosser@i-one.at]
Date: Donnerstag, 05. Oktober 2000 17:04
Subject: Meditation on Mooladhar

Dear Everyone, 
 My wife which is in Vashi has sent me a Fax today. She wrote:...........I am also sending a wonderful meditation which is from India. Please photo-copy and give to everyone.......... 

 From Yogesh and Tilda Rawal in Delhi. 

 Last Thursday we heard a beautiful discussion about the four petals of the Mooladhar, and somehow that also has stayed with me. Such a beautiful meditation it brings and I'll try to remember as much as I can. The petals are like catchment areas for the blessings or powers bestowed upon us by Our Holy Mother. The first petal goes in a downward direction towards the ground. It holds the joy of the Brahmanand - the pure and absolute joy of the Divinity. So here we can pray - "O Shri Mataji, please bless us with the joy of Brahmanand." Remember always, after the prayer to wait with your attention at Sahasrar until you can feel the attention to the prayer. 

 The second petal goes towards the left. It holds two blessings - the first is that He removes the obstacles to our Ascent. So here we pray, "Oh Shri Mataji, please let your Shri Ganesha Tattwa remove all the obstacles to our ascent." Secondly it holds the majesty and dignity that is brought by pure Spirit. "Shri Mataji, please fill each cell of our being with the majesty and dignity of the Pure Spirit." 

 Third is the petal, which goes to the right. Here there are three qualities. First, the absolute dedication and surrender of Shri Ganesha to His/Our Holy Mother. Pray " Shri Mataji, please fill every cell of our being with the complete dedication and surrender of Shri Ganesha to your Holy Lotus Feet." Secondly, the wisdom which Shri Ganesha endowes and thirdly the pure knowledge of the divinity. So here we can pray "Shri Mataji, please bless us with the absolute wisdom of Your Shri Ganesh." And "Shri Mataji, please bless us with the pure knowledge of Your Divinity." 

 The fourth petal then goes upward. Here there are two blessings, which the petal holds. Firstly is the complete fearlessness, which Shri Ganesha has in the knowledge that he is the child of the Adi Shakti and therefore at one with the Divinity - nothing can harm us when we are at one with God's will. Pray "Shri Mataji, please bless us with the complete fearlessness of Your Shri Ganesha." Secondly this petal collects the amrut that trickles down from the Divine when the Sahasrar is open and one is at one with the Holy Spirit of God. Pray "Shri Mataji, please fill each and every cell of my being with the nectar of Your Divine Love." 
 Jai Shri Mataji !! 

 It's beautiful, isn't it. May Love and Peace flow within you and make every moment joyful!
 ALEX

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Thu, 28 Sep 2000 09:16:47 +0200 
 From: GRABMAYER Anton <anton.grabmayer@it-austria.com> 
 Subject: WG: (18 or) 21 institutions - correction 

 The *complete* 21 institutions offered at Sahasrara Puja 2000 by Philip. 
 Shri Mataji said we also have to put our attention onto these topics: 
  
 1) Nature 
  nature and environment 
  agriculture and farming 
  handcraft and workmenship 
 2) Society 
  marriage and family 
  education and training 
  profession and career 
 3) Economy 
  economy and industry 
  trade and service 
  transportation and distribution 
 4) Government 
  politics and diplomacy 
  military and police 
  law and civil service 
 5) Culture 
  art and entertainment 
  literature and film 
  media and internet 
 6) Progress 
  research and invention 
  science and technology 
  medicine and pharmacy 
 7) Dharma 
 religion and philosophy 
 development aid and united nations activities 
 charity and welfare

 Jai Shri Mataji ! 

 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: Carol Robertson[SMTP:rageshwari_uk@yahoo.co.uk] 
 Subject: [theatre of eternal values] from England with love 
  
  Hallo everybody 
  Lots of love to you all 
  Would like to share these stories with you 
  
  There was one funny story that Sri Mataji told last night 
  Here in the follow-up program to the Albert Hall, that a gentleman 
  Had no hair he had become bald  and then he came to Sahaja Yoga 
  and when his Kundalini was raised so did his hair and it began 
 suddenly to grow again and when he went through passport control 
 the officer was amazed and  said to him  it is you? Seeing the old 
 picture with no hair and now  a gentleman looking the same with hair! 
  
  We have been so lucky there have been 2  Programs with Sri Mataji 
 for everyone! Sia, Jeremy and band did some beautiful asian-western 
  style  Music before the program started  And later in the talk Sri Mataji 
 praised the musicians commenting on how they could pick up the Indian 
 style of music even though they were Westeners. This time she added 
 something new she said looking at Siali  and they have the Western 
 Music with them also! Which maybe She said after the Magic Flute! 
  
  The follow up program for the Albert Hall was one of the most amazing 
 programs I have ever been to. Sri Mataji was so nice as always but this was 
  something else. It was as though we were all sitting in her living room,
 intimately discussing things. She was again like the Mother aspect as 
 in the old days. But this felt like something new. She was in such a jovial mood 
 and the jokes were so funny.

 First She spoke a little and went through some stories of starting SY in UK 
 and then the jokes started. When She wanted to take Her cardigan off 
 because it was too hot (it is stormy here) then She made the joke about the 
 English weather saying that they told Me it would be cold! Every one laughed 
 and that was it for the rest of the evening. There was so much laughter 
 everything that Sri Mataji said was extremely witty or funny. And then 
 sometimes incredibly compassionate and sincere. And so spontaneous 
 that you just didn't know which way it was going to go! You could only 
 watch in awe and wonder at the Divine management of the whole thing.
  
 Then She asked if anyone wanted to ask questions. A stream of questions 
 began and again Sri Mataji turned many of them into a joke and got everyone 
 laughing. It felt very luxurious as though we had all the time in the world, 
 that everyone was going to be completely satisfied.

 Somebody asked Her about Angels and She said that Angels are like the flowers.
 They are beautiful - you cannot see them - but they are there sometimes working
 through a human form to help you in many ways.

 Then She desired to stop the questions after a long and varied time. It seemed 
 as though She wanted the seekers to feel that their questions had been answered, 
 but one man asked Her to lead us through a meditation. She first wanted to finish 
 the questions in Her compassion and finally She said, 'Let us experience the Divine'.
 There was a very short but very deep meditation,  similar to the way the realisation 
 had been given the night before but without the mantras in English. 

 In the Albert Hall she asked us to put our hands towards Her and then told us that 
 no matter what we had, or hadn't done, there was no point to feel guilty at all since 
 it had all been done or not which ever was the case already (of course I'm putting it 
 into my own words). She then asked us to forgive ourselves and others she was so 
 nice with this request it is almost impossible to imagine. Perhaps it is only with our 
 yogic powers we can understand the softness, the beauty and the sweetness 
 which was imparted during this, and the concern that She had for us to really do it.
  
 Sri Mataji then Put down Her Head and held up Her outstretched ands and there 
 was a short but very deep meditation. I remember the words, "The Silence Within"
 - it was incredible. The next evening after the questions when Sri Mataji said 
 'now let's experience the Divine'  We did!! Again a short but incredible meditation! 
  
 And then Sri Mataji left the hall and the music was carrying on until it was time to 
 leave the hall and in our hearts it has not stopped.
  
  Jai Sri Mataji Nirmala Devi!! 
  
  Love Carol 


SY News - 171001.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers and Sisters, 
 A little bit late on the news for the start of the nine days of Navaratri. Many of the responses I received referenced the Indian calendar where the actual Dassera in India is on the 26th and the nine days prior to that are starting on the 17th (today). I also understand that at least one country has chosen to start the nine days of Navaratri nine days prior to this weekends upcoming puja with nightly havans and pujas. A note in the paragraph below from Rosalyn Tildesley <tildly@onetel.net.uk> adds a little more information about Navaratri. However you decide to conduct your Navaratri celebrations, I'm sure you'll find no shortage of negativity to offer for its destruction.

 From Rosalyn:

 I think the 9 days of Navaratri do start with 9 days before Puja with Shri Mataji and culminates with the Puja on the 9th day. 
 It seems from Shri Mataji's words that the 9 days relate to our chakras and our ascent through them - I think? (please don't quote)! 
 There is a book which we aquired years ago on one of the India tours - it's a collection of 'Navaratri Talks' (this is the title too). I don't know if anyone has it over there. 
 The book is based on Navaratri which was held in India in 1988 - so whether the names/headings in brackets are the same every year, I don't know. In 1988 Shri Mataji gave a talk on each of the days of Navaratri or read from scriptures. 
 1st day (Pratipada) of Navaratri First day was observed as the Day of Silence, it being the day of Shri Ganesha. Shri Ganesha was worshipped on this day. 
 2nd day (Dwittya) - Devi Sooktam was read 
 3rd day (Tritiya) - Kavach of the Devi began to be read 
 4th day (Chaturthi) Kavach of the Devi continued 
 5th day (Panchami) 
 6th day (Sashti) 
 7th day - Devi Artharva Sheersham was read (Saptami) 
 8th day - Chapter 11 of Devi Mahatmaya was read (Ashtmi) 
9th Day (Navami) of Navaratri 19th Oct 1988 
 "Today is the last day of Navaratri. This should be the culminating point for all of us, as you see, within us, as you know that there are seven chakras for your ascent and two above it. So all these nine chakras are to be crossed in this life time. That should be your destiny. But if you people go on only on the agnya, move on agnya, you cannot rise any higher. People have been lost on that chakra. So, that is a very important chakra. Sixth-'Sashti' of the Goddess is regarded as a very important thing and they say that Goddess comes on a 'naanv', on a boat, Calcutta people believe it because the sixth day is very big to cross it".


 Also to let you know that sahajnet broadcast responsibilities will be turned over to Onkar Kumbhojkar here in the USA in the next week or two. I will be leaving for India in about 7 weeks for a month long stay, and we want to be sure there is plenty of time for a smooth transition before I go. I'm also finding it harder to be as timely as I should be with the sahajnet news. You have no idea how much I have enjoyed performing this task, and I'm sure Onkar will make an extremely capable replacement - and then some!

 You still send requests for broadcast just as before to:  sahajnet@sahajayoga.org    and be sure to copy Steve Wollenberger at: sfwollenberger@yahoo.com

 We will let you know when the final transition has been made.

 Much love and all the very best from your brother Mark!


SY News - 191099.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 We have received some really great contributions from many of 
 the yogis - please keep them coming and enjoy the news!

 * First collective puja of UTTAR PRADESH
 * Three Songs
 * Sahaj yoga workshop at Indore
 * More Shri Ganesha Puja impressions 
 * Mother's lectures on Indian Satellite TV
 * Carribean Public Programs
 * Mantra book update

 Kind Regards,

 Mark

 ------------------------------------------------

 Date: Wed, 24 Jan 1996 23:39:55 +0530 
 From: Mr. Rajeev Joshi, India <sahaj@lw1.vsnl.net.in> 
 Subject: First collective puja of UTTAR PRADESH ,INDIA at LUCKNOW .Shri GANESHA PUJA 1999 

 We all really enjoyed the blessings of Shri Mataji during the first 
 collective puja of U.P. at Lucknow. It was a three day programme 
 comprising of seminar havan ,music and puja. The entire puja decoration 
 and the puja stage ,singhasan etc was made of the five elements ,no 
 plastic was used anywhere in the puja .The yva shakti along with Alpana
 did the painting and drawings for the stage and it was so brightly done 
 that the joy coming out of it was an indication of the feelings with 
 which the decoration has been done. We also had synbolic fire element in
 the form of a MASHAL and the water element in the form of a water fall. 
 Mrs Tewari made a hut ,a pond ,a bullock cart few village ladies made 
 out of the stem of banana. 

 Alpana and rubi had made a big Glass painting of Shri Ganesha. 
 We all know that the entire arrangements were actually done by Shri 
 mataji because they were beyond our capacity. There were around 1200 
 yogis who got themselves registered and there were more also. Every one 
 was so happy that they were saying that it is as if we are in mini 
 Ganpatipule. 

 During the puja we started with the welcome arti with girls sprinkling 
 the rose petals followed by garlanding. We had kept a microphone fully 
 decorated with flowers in front of the singhasan just like it is done 
 when Mother is there in sakshat. Then the talk of Shri Mata ji was 
 played and that was the time we had the unique experience of the 
 presence of Shri Mataji. Every one was saying that they felt the 
 presence of Mother. We know that mother was there because every thing 
 has been done with pure heart and with surrender to mother even the five
 elements had been very cooperative and kind during the entire programme.

 During the puja the moment I felt the presence of mother I asked a yogi 
 sitting next to me to ask the question Mother are you there? and the 
 moment he did it the gush of cool vibrations started flowing. The 
 biggest miracle that can happen to a human being is these vibrations 
 which mother showered on all of us in abundance . 

 We all the yogis of UP bow at your lotus feet and express our gratitude 
 for all that you have done for us. 

 Please accept our Pranam Mother. 

 Your humble servant and child 

 Rajeev Joshi, Lucknow

 --------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: Alla Levitan, USA <alla108@hotmail.com> 
 Subject:  3 songs 
 Date: Tue, 05 Oct 1999 20:45:49 GMT 

 The Flowers 
 ----------- 
 There are places troubled and poor in the whole world 
 Where people cry for our help but nobody would like to go 
 And only suddenly fair like a message of God 
 Among those poor grounds beautiful flowers grow.

 Flowers don't know the bad and good 
 Prestige and comforts they don't know 
 In every country and every neighbourhood 
 On stones and on sands the Flowers grow.

 But people like to create and compare brands 
 And then according to taste they make divisions 
 And so they turned the earth into separate lands 
 And so they turned the truth into separate religions

 But Flowers don't know the bad and good, 
 Prestige and comforts they don't know, 
 In every country and every neighbourhood 
 On stones and on sands the Flowers grow.

 And if we go all out and listen to our heart 
 We'll see that each person around is like our sister or brother 
 We will feel that the earth is the whole and we're only a part 
 And so we should not judge, but we should enjoy each other

 For Flowers don't know the bad and good, 
 Prestige and comforts they don't know, 
 They grow in every country and every neighbourhood 
 And lets wish that in our hearts these Flowers grow.

 The Call of Love 
 ---------------- 
 Feel the call of Love within your soul 
 Walk across the world in each direction 
 Try to bring the peace to every home 
 And to turn into friends the fighting nations 
 Once you melt your heart in Joy of Spirit 
 Then in any land you'll always find: 
 People are so caring, nice and friendly, 
 And the earth is generous and kind! 

 Chorus: 
 Believe your heart, believe your soul - 
 The Truth is one, the World is whole! 
 God's Grace is beyond the creed and race, 
 God's Love wants the whole World embrace: 
 On your palms feel the cool breeze: 
 It is thine, this gift of Divine! 
 Repeat: 
 Believe your heart, believe your soul - 
 The Truth is one, the World is whole! 
 My friend, all the wars will come to end 
 My friend, Truth and Love will always stand: 
 On your palms feel the cool breeze: 
 It is thine, this gift of Divine!

 When the whole world will come together, 
 When the whole earth will get united, 
 Sea and Sky will memorize forever 
 Laughter and Joy of brothers reunited. 
 In the light of self-realization 
 From within the righteousness we'll know 
 And completely new civilization 
 On the shores of Mother Earth will grow.

 Chorus: 
 Believe your heart, believe your soul - 
 The Truth is one, the World is whole! 
 God's Grace is beyond the creed and race, 
 God's Love wants the whole World embrace: 
 On your palms feel the cool breeze: 
 It is thine, this gift of Divine! 
 Repeat: 
 Believe your heart, believe your soul - 
 The Truth is one, the World is whole! 
 My friend, all the wars will come to end 
 My friend, Truth and Love will always stand: 
 On your palms feel the cool breeze: 
 It is thine, this gift of Divine!


 The Wish of Truth 
 ----------------- 
 The wish of Truth inside us burns 
 And mind is tortured by 
 Ten thousands why 
 Unsure what to do and what to try 
 For spiritual thirst. 
 The thunderstorms of thoughts books are pouring from above 
 But we don't care for words, we ask for Love: 

 Within our inner shrine there is a thirst for Pure Love...
 ... If in the City of Joy you have lost your way 
 And busy life is making you to live your days away 
 And if your mind just seems to be like a maze of highways 
 That lead nowhere, 
 Don't leave the Hope, call for Mother, take Her hand 
 Your every beat of heart She understands 
 And never ends the presence of Her Love.

 -------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: satish baser, India [mailto:sagarika@bom4.vsnl.net.in] 
 Sent: Monday, October 04, 1999 10:53 AM 
 Subject: Sahaj yoga workshop at Indore

 Jai Shri Mataji, 

 With the grace of Sri Mataji, a two days state level workshop on Sahajyoga 
 was conducted on 2 and 3 Oct.1999 at Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India. About 
 500 Sahaj yogi brothers and sisters participated in this workshop from all 
 parts of the state. Dr. Chauhan from Rawri (Maharashtra) and Sri K.K.Agrawal 
 from Delhi were present as guest speakers. 

 First day speakers from the state explained functions of each chakra and 
 treatment for clearing the particular chakra. In the afternoon session Dr. 
 Cauhan conducted meditation and explained importance of devotion. After this 
 Sri K.K.Agrawal spoke on his experiences in Sahaj and with Sri Mataji, he 
 told about importance of devotion and faith in the Divine mother.. 
 Last session was bhajan session and all Sahaj yogis participated in it . Sri 
 K.K.Agrawal sung a bhajan which he had sung long back before Sri mataji, 
 though he is not a singer. 

 Next day morning meditation was conducted by Dr. Chahan, followed by shoe 
 beating on request of Sahaj yogis who were eager to know how to do 
 shoebeating. Same time Mr. Agrawal conducted a meeting with yuwa shakti and 
 centre leaders explaining his experiences during Prachar-prasar (propagation 
 of Sahaj yoga). 

 Next Pooja and Hawan performed with great faith which increased vibrations. 
 In last session Dr. Chauhan explained how to check our own chakras and 
 chakras of others and treatments if not getting nirvicharita(thoughtless 
 awareness). 

 Workshop was concluded with Bhajans and all yogis started dancing with joy. 
 All participants were so much joyful that many requested that such 
 workshop/seminars should be conducted frequently. 
 Yours in SahajSatish Baser 

 ------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: Alla Levitan, USA <alla108@hotmail.com> 
 Subject: Shri Ganesha Puja impressions 
 Date: Wed, 06 Oct 1999 05:56:33 GMT 

 Dear Sahaja Yogis,

 This is what I remember from Shri Ganesha Puja weekend in Cabella.
 There was very much joy all the time, vibrations were very very strong and 
 it was very special feeling. I think it was the first time when for Shri Ganesha
 Puja all the countries representing not only Mooladara of Virata, 
 but also all the aspects of Agnya chakra were present. And in the Puja Shri 
 Mataji mentioned and Shri Ganesha and Christ are just the same personality, 
 so it was really all the countries of these aspects coming together which was 
 interesting.

 There were Australia and New Zealand (NZ is Shri Ganesha's trunk as it was 
 mentioned), and Russia, but also China, Hong Kong, Tailand, Taiwan, Malaysia, Japan. 
 On Friday night there were marriage announcements followed by Music Program. 

 It was very unusual feeling of back agnya being cleared out so much when the 
 collectives from China and other countries belonging to back agnya of Virata performed. 
 Such lightness and joy was felt as if all the bad karmas of the earth are now gone and 
 forgiven, and also all our conditioning melted away in Love of Paramchaitanya. 

 It was great to see so many new faces. Many of yogis from those countries 
 were in Cabella for a first time, such open hearts! They performed unbelievably well, t
 here were many traditional dances (including 2 dances with candles) and collective 
 songs that were done flawlessly and with great devotion to Mother. There were videos 
 presented of regular public programs from Asian countries and it was very nice to see 
 that there were so many seekers in the halls, hundreds and hundreds, and they were 
 all enjoying the vibrations so much!

 Her Holiness Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi granted us with an opportunity to
 perform  Shri Ganesha Puja to Her on Saturday night at 7pm. From Shri Mataji's Puja talk I 
 remember (besides the points already mentioned in the report of Belgian collective 
 that was included in the previous Sahaj News) that Shri Mataji said we should worship 
 Shri Ganesha and absorb His vibrations, but it is pity that there is no real picture 
 of Shri Ganesha. Shri cautioned that we should not worship the Shri Ganesha 
 idols that are made by people who are adharmic, or who made them just to make 
 money. She said we can buy these idols for decoration of the house, that is allright, 
 but if we worship them, we'll get into problems.

 From Shri Mataji's talk on Sunday I remember very important point that "some people 
 think that they need to 'work out' their marriage, there is no need, as all the blessings 
 are there: it will work out spontaneously, we just need to see the good points of each 
 other, that's all." Another point I remembered was about the children: "children that will 
 be born to you will help Me in My work very much". That was very sweet.

 On Sunday night there was music program with students from Nagpur Academy 
 performing, including Russians and Romanians. Shri Mataji was very pleased and 
 She said that the She desires that everyone should try to either learn Indian classical 
 music, or at least to learn to appreciate and enjoy it. She said it was Her father's desire
 that this music, so Divine, would spread all around the world! Then She added that 
 students that wish to study, but don't have the financial resources can be considered 
 to be sponsored to study in Nagpur Academy. 

 Before Shri Mataji left the pendal, Russian collective presented to Her the Russian 
 traditional symbols of Unity to celebrate the 10-years of Sahaja Yoga in Russia (as it was in 
 August of 1989 as Shri Mataji blessed Russia with Her first visit with Sahaja Yoga public 
 programs). Shri Mataji took the basket with the symbolic gifts (I don't know the English 
 name) and blessed them, and then She said that leaders of all the countries must take one. 
 "All the countries will be united now", She commented.

 Kind regards, 

 -Your sister Alla, 
 San Jose, USA

 --------------------------------------------------------------------------

 "Subject : Shri Mataji's Hindi and Marathi lectures on Satellite TV
 Indian TV station ATC, band name Thiacon 3 will be broadcasting the 
 following at Indian Standard Time 7.00 am 
 Hindi Lecture (Public Program) October 12 
 Marathi Lecture (Public Program) October 19

 Also requesting BETA quality video tapes of Shri Mataji's lectures in any 
 language for Satellite TV broadcast. We will pay for the video cassettes of 
 broadcast quality."

 Regards,

 Hari Jalan 
 computex@bom2.vsnl.net.in

 -----------------------------------------------------------------------

 Date: Sat, 09 Oct 1999 18:24:34 +0100 
 Subject: CARIBBEAN PUBLIC PROGRAMMES 

 Dear Brothers and Sisters:

 Public programmes are being organised in Atigua, St.lucia, and Trinidad 
 & Tobago, anyone wishing to partake in the venture should contact Royce 
 Williams at: rwilliam@lineone.net 
 a.s.a.p. We leave the U.K. on the 25th Oct., possibly returning on the 
 10th Nov. 

 Volunteers from other countries can get details from Royce and arrange 
 to meet us wherever. See you soon.

 By our Mother's Grace. 
 Clive Bates 
 JAI SRI MATAAJI

 --------------------------------------------------------

 Date: Tue, 12 Oct 1999 07:44:14 -0400 
 From: Edward Saugstad, Austria <101451.177@compuserve.com> 
 Subject: MANTRA BOOK 

 Jai Shri Mataji.

 It should be mentioned, just in case there may be PARALLEL EFFORTS going on 
 somewhere, that the preparations for a new, corrected MANTRA BOOK is well 
 under way in the U.K. (Alan Wherry and Chris Marlow). 

 Best wishes,Edward. 


SY News - 221000.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Some more news for you to enjoy!

 * How to become TEV Angel
 * News about Mother's departure from Italy

 Much love and all the best,

 Mark

 --------------------------------------------------------

 From: "Martin Kirchbaumer" <martin.kirchbaumer@yline.com> 
 Subject: For the mail-around-the-world 
 Date: Sat, 14 Oct 2000 15:39:05 +0200 

Letter from Theatre of Eternal Values to the whole world

Dear T.E.V. Angels, 

 This is just a short note from all of us here at T.E.V.Austria (somewhere South of Vienna on Cyberspace turning No.3) to all of you to say a huge thank you and welcome to the foundation of the new Theatre of Eternal Values supporter's club. 

 The T.E.V. Angels Club has been formed to allow you to continue your cherished support in a more formalised manner, and to provide a forum where you can send us ideas, views and financial support as we move into the next exciting phase of the Theatre Group's development. 

 We hope that you will continue to support us with your hearts as you have done in the past, and that through this love we can continue to bring the divine beautiful works of art to audiences all across the world. 

 The Angels Club where you will be offered Charter Membership starts now. This membership will allow you to participate in T.E.V. informations on the Internet, enrol you in the Club's monthly e-mail newsletter and give you many special offers on special Angel merchandise like Magic Flute T-Shirts, perfume, video and fun items through which you can support your players. All Angel members get 30% off for T-Shirts, sweatshirts and perfume. 
 We will be asking all members to contribute a small monthly or annual membership fee which we will use for funding our future productions, and we would ask you all to be as generous as you can. Even a small regular amount from each of you will make an enormous difference to our chances of becoming a powerful voice of vibrational love across the world, so please do not hold back with your generosity. 

 In the meantime please spread the word about this exciting new chapter in the T.E.V. story, enrol your friends as Angels and help us to bring God's love to the world of entertainment. We know that your love and support along with the Divine blessings flowing from Shri Mataji's Attention will guarantee that the Theatre of Eternal Values will continue to thrive and bring Joy to many many more audiences. 
 With lots of love, 

 The T.E.V. Players.

 ----------------------------------------------------------------

  From: FIN McCOOL[SMTP:finbbar@libero.it] 
  Sent: Monday, October 16, 2000 1:16 PM 
  Subject: LINATE - 15/10/00 
  
  Dear Sahaja Yogis, 

  What a day! It's been raining in North Italy for four 
  days, and the rivers were getting pretty full when we set out to see the 
  Adi Shakti leave for England. This was to be the last chance to see Shri 
  Mataji before next May ( except for the lucky ones who are going to Los 
  Angeles or India ) So the yogis came from all over; from Switzerland to 
  Sicily, and from the Croation border to the French frontier ( now closed 
  by flooding ) We were all there with our flowers, our joyful expectation, 
  and our reasonably well-behaved children. 

  As Mother didn't arrive for some time, we decided to sing a few bhajans 
  while we were waiting, luckily the local law enforcers are used to us, so 
  there was a generally tolerant "Oh , it's that time again!" type of 
  reaction. As usual this activity attracted the attention of a fair number 
  of people travelling through the airport, we really must make sure we are 
  armed with some international lists of centres on these occasions. Some 
  German ladies asked what was Sahaja Yoga, and the singing was a bit too 
  loud to go into much detail, so we opted for the' When in doubt, give them 
  realisation' type of approach, which they liked so much that they nearly 
  missed their plane, waiting for a glimpse of Mother! 

  When Shri Mataji arrived, we gave her a typical, noisy, heartwarming 
  Italian reception, and some more bhajans. Then she worked on a young lady, 
  this necessitated the opening of a very stubborn bottle of coconut oil, a 
  five minute process which occasioned some hilarity. After that the 
  children were able to give their flowers directly, then the adults all 
  passed their flowers forward enmasse, a rather strange sight for passersby! 

  Finally Shri Mataji spoke to us for a few minutes, firstly reminding 
  Italians to write letters to her in English, saying that she had tried to 
  learn Italian but that it had proved too difficult, then saying that she 
  was going away for a long time but that she would be back soon! ( Great 
  applause and cheering ) 

  Our Mother then reminded us that we should give realisation, adding that 
  we should find new and spontaneous ways to spread Sahaja Yoga, giving 
  realisation to all those around us, neighbours etc. Only by doing this can 
  we know ourselves and go deeper. 

  All too soon the moment was finished and , with a last wave, the Adi 
  Shakti said goodbye to Italy and all her children here, Our Mother had 
  gone, but the warmth of her heart, and the cool of her glorious vibrations 
  are with us still. 
  
  Your brother, 
  
  Finbar 
  
  P.S. It's still raining!!!


SY News - 281199.htm
 
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Some new news for everyone to enjoy. And all the best to those fortunate
 enough to be
 in Ganapatapule enjoying the collectivity, the music, the vibrations, and
 most of all, to
 receive the darshan of our Holy Mother in Person!

 * Seminar in Germany
 * News from Sweden
 * Counting Crows Rock Concert
 * News of Trinidad and St.Lucia
 * Diwali Puja Impressions
 * Shri Ganesha Swayambu (72KB attachment to this email)

 Kind Regards,

 Mark

 -------------------------------------------

 Date: Mon, 01 Nov 1999 20:26:20 +0200
 From: Cuvellier Bernard, Belgium <Bernard.Cuvellier@advalvas.be>
 Subject: from Leeladhara : Seminar in Germany

 Hello Bothers and Sisters,

 I'm from Belgium, and together with another Belgian yogi I went
 to the seminar that took place in the centre Germany.
 How wonderful! We enjoyed our stay so much. The nature was so
 beautiful, and the leafs were falling on the ground, from very
 high. The wind was cleaning the roads. We enjoyed the colors, the
 hills, the new faces, the warmheartedness. It's really been a
 pleasure to be there.

 a quick report....
 saturday...
 beautiful nature. Sun shine. In the morning short but powerful havan.
 The names were said quickly. After the names someone said
 "now we will not say all the negativity, because negativity is
 so boaring." So instead we said prayers to the Mother.
 It was really nice "You play with our ego"....Om swaha!
 "You are the silence of the stars..." Om swaha.. The havan was in full
 nature. How beautiful!

 In the evening there was the very talented Polish guitarist.
 He played so fast that I couldn't see his fingers. But this was an
 illusion because in reality he played on the strings of our hearts.
 There were also badhjans, and many jokes to bring even more joy!

 The puja....
 Before the German leader has spoken in German, but it was so nice that
 we could understand everything, even though we don't know German.
 He had a good idea (as a prayer for their last seminar of the millennium)
 to share with everyone:
 "We have been jojo yogi's: catching, clearing out, catching, clearing
 out, catching.... So from now I suggest we don't catch anymore."
 According to him 99 percent of our catches comes from ourselves, the
 other 1 comes from the environment. I think this is a good idea, so perhaps we
 can do the same in all countries. ....and become perfect instruments at last.

 After the puja they were distributing Prasad.
 The Germans are very disciplined, but a soft discipline it is.
 They are not afraid of talking into the microphone (,as I do, I
 suppose), after all we're just a family.

 So many nice things I can go on and on and on and on.
 THE MESSAGE: Whenever you have the occasion to do a seminar in
 neighbouring country, and you can go, JUST GO!

 A last note: in the seminar a yogi showed slides from the human nervous
 system, and showed how the amount of petals in each chakra was related to each
 plexus. Such complexity and perfection this inner system has. There was a
 side picture
 of one half of the brain, and it was so nice to see the thousands of nerves
 that just looked like the Sahasrara petals.

 How beatiful this whole body made just for the day of today.
 Let us not throw away these millions of years of evolution, just before
 its goal is reached. NOW IS THE TIME TO BE THE SPIRIT!

 Leeladhara, for the sahaj gazette

 ------------------------------------------

 From: Stina Dickens, Sweden <stinad@hotmail.com>
 Subject: Swedish Sahaja Newsletter and Tagore
 Date: Thu, 04 Nov 1999 08:02:38 PST


 Dear brothers and sisters,

 We would like to inform you that we have now started a Swedish Sahaja
 Newsletter which is entirely in Swedish language. It contains news about
 Sahaja Yoga in Sweden and the Scandinavian countries and translations of
 Shri Matajis talks, among other things. If there are any Swedish-speaking
 Yogis out there who are interested in subscribing, please contact us on:
 "madhuria7@hotmail.com".

 Furthermore, I have written a university degree essay (about 20pp) on the
 realised poet Rabindranath Tagore. It deals with his ideas about East and
 West and their future unification (i.e. Sahaja Yoga), as revealed in his
 poetry. It is written in English, and if anyone would be interested, I could
 easily send it over by e-mail. My address is: "stinad@hotmail.com".
 Lastly, here is one of Tagore's wonderful poems, which are all pieces of
 blissful beauty to any realised soul.

 Stina.

 The flower says
 Blessed am I
 Blessed am I
 Upon this earth.

 The flower says
 I was born from the dust
 Kindly kindly
 Let me forget it
 Let me forget it
 Let me forget.

 Of dust inside me there is none.
 No dust at all inside me
 The flower says.

 -----------------------------------------------

 NOTE FROM MARK: The following is a rather interesting and entertaining
 account of a rock concert attended by sahaja yogis.  The rock group
 "Counting Crows" has a sahaja yogi, Matt Malley, as a member of the group.

 Thu, 11 Nov 1999 23:20:54 -0500 (EST)
 Date: Thu, 11 Nov 1999 23:18:30 -0500
 From: Edward Saugstad <101451.177@compuserve.com>
 Subject: <<COUNTING CROWS CONCERT>>

 (for distribution or your own personal pleasure, as you see fit....)PARTY
 IN MANHATTENN(or: Never a Dull Moment in Sahaja Yoga!))*********The
 following is a true story about Sahaja Yogis attending ­ and performing at
 (!) ­ a sold-out rock concert in New York City on Wednesday, November 10th,
 1999. (The dialog has been modified, but the events are described as they
 actually happened. Enjoy!)!)*********SCENE 1: On the busy sidewalk outside
 the Hammerstein Ballroom on 34th Street. Late evening. Ed almost walks
 right past the group of Sahaja Yogis waiting for him there.e. JACK: "Hey!
 Here!"!" STEPHENIE: (giggling) "Zoom! He's gone."" ED: "Oh! Wow.""
 STEPHANIE: "Are we all here? Where are Lee and Louis? Okay.""She
 distributes the Counting Crows concert tickets and backstage passes (!) to
 everyone.. JACK: "Let's go!" They file through the security check-post for
 a quick body search before passing into the building. SCENE 2: The crowded
 concert hall. After checking in their jackets and bags, they move into the
 masses towards the stage where the second band is just finishing their last
 number.r. STEPHANIE: "Stick together everybody!"" ED: "Wild!"" JACK: "Let's
 go further!""They wind their way to the middle of the floor where the crowd
 starts to get too tight.. STEPHANIE shouts up: "Why is everyone so
 tall!!!""There is a pause while the roadies set the stage for the Counting
 Crows. Suddenly, Adam, their super-star singer/song-writer, comes out to
 promote a humanitarian organisation set up in the lobby, and introduce a
 friend, a comedian who recently performed on Saturday Night Live. This guy
 comes out with a hairy troll-doll, and starts imitating famous rock bands'
 jingles about this doll product. He's strumming guitar and singing like U2,
 R.E.M., the Wall-flowers etc.. It's hilarious.. STEPHANIE: "I don't get
 it!"" ED: "You have to know the original songs to hear what he's
 doing!""The crowd is cheering him on.. COMEDIAN: (laughing) "You are a
 really great crowd! Just two more!""He imitates Adam of the Counting Crows.
 crowd goes wild. Instead of 'me and Mr. Jones', he seriously sings 'me and
 Mr. Troll'..A few minutes later: Cheering, howling, whistling. All arms are
 in the air, clapping. The Counting Crows are coming on stage to the
 blasting tune of the Beatles' Magical Mystery Tour and swirling,
 psychedelic light patterns. JACK: "There's Matt!!!""As they take their
 places, Adam goes around happily greeting each of his band members. When he
 gets to Matt (our beloved Sahaja Yogi rock-star!) he takes his hand and
 bows to him. During the performance, he sometimes dances up to Matt and
 exchanges enthusiastic smiles with him..The songs, dancing, cheering, and
 happiness goes on and on. These young, middle-class revellers are sucking
 up everything that is being poured out to them. The Sahaja Yogis feel their
 own Kundalinis' rapport with their brother on the stage and everyone around
 them. It is exhilarating! (Matt once mentioned that Shri Mataji advised him
 to keep his attention on the Kundalinis of the audience. He says his eyes
 become ice cool with Vibrations. What Divine Magic!))At one point, Adam
 calls the previous band back on stage to accompany them. When he introduces
 the song, the audience goes into a frenzy. With the front of the stage full
 of singers, an irresistibly energetic song winds up to full power..Later,
 Adam introduces his band. When he gets to Matt, he gives him a one arm hug
 and says, "You all know him!" (At the Sunday concert, each member was
 introduced as "my friend " so-and-so; but Matt was, "our friend and
 yours!..."). Then he thanked some celebrity for coming, a famous young lady
 sitting in the balcony to one side of the floor. As the concert wound down,
 the Yogis gradually regrouped.. ED: "So, how do we use these passes?""
 STEPHANIE: "Let's go ask one of the security.""Everyone without a pass is
 shuffling out of the place and the lights are turned on. The Yogis are
 directed to stairs leading up to a reception room with a long bar. After a
 short wait in the busy room, Matt, the famous bass player, shows u
 TT: (with wife, Shesh) "Hey!"" ED: "That was great!"" MATT: "Really?!""He
 wants to go for some fresh air, so they slowly make their way out. He's
 full of energy and talking fast ­ he mostly talks to people about Sahaja
 Yoga!! MATT: "Uh, yeah Jerry. No problem, I'll see that you get that place
 for your gig. This is Jerry! He's a really great guy. Did you check out
 that (Sahaja Yoga) web- site?"" JERRY: (standing with one of his band
 members) "Yeah, I tried but I didn't feel it."" MATT: "That's okay. That's
 okay. Just keep on with it!""Jerry's partner introduces his little
 brother's drum player and gets Matt to sign something for his girl-friend.
 As they move away from this long-haired trio, Ed asks Matt how he managed
 to get a beautiful acknowledgement to Shri Mataji, and the Sahaja Yoga
 web-address, onto the new CD's cover (it just hit number eight on the
 charts!)) MATT: "Oh, yeah! I went to buy one of the first copies to see if
 it really worked out. I'd just given the information to the management and
 waited to see what would happen!"" SHESH: "When Shri Mataji was in L.A.
 this year, She gave many Bandhans for their new CD!"" ED: "A miracle!""(In
 the last couple of weeks, since their hit CD was released, there have been
 over one thousand visits to the Sahaja Yoga web-site! And now that Shri
 Mataji's book can be bought through AMAZON.COM, about seventy-five copies
 have been ordered in less than three weeks!))On the way outside, Matt stops
 at the t-shirt counter for some presents for the Yogis. "Here you are,
 Matt", says the merchandise manager as he hands him four really cool
 Counting Crows t-shirts. One yogi puts his on immediately, with the
 back-stage pass stuck on the front for maximum effect!!SCENE 3: Out on the
 half-deserted sidewalk. Matt is accosted by three Jewish teeny-boppers who
 exclaim, "You are so-o-o awesome!", and take his autograph. "This is my
 brother," said one girl. "He's also a bass-player!" Matt exchanges
 enthusiastic shop-talk with him. The black chauffeur standing next to the
 white 'stram and the others. The Yogis are intent on walking. Suddenly, a
 skinny, bald guy comes up behind Matt and covers his eyes.s. BALD FRIEND:
 "Guess who?"" MATT: (guesses some names of Sahaja Yogis. Turns around.)
 "Dan! Hey you guys, Dan is going to be a Yogi, too. How's it goin'?"" B.F.:
 "Yeah good! Been busy (etc.). Meditating? Yeah, a bit."" MATT: (raising
 Dan's Kundalini) "Just relax and close your eyes. Just open your heart.
 Don't think. It's important not to think...""Ed and Matt work on him in
 silence on the well-lit sidewalk in front of the Hammerstein Ballroom main
 entrance. Dan's girl-friend, the black chauffeur, the Jewish teeny-boppers,
 some security guards, and the other Yogis look on. Dan opens his eyes..
 MATT: "So, better?"" B.F. DAN: (shiny-eyed) "Yeah. Yeah."" MATT: "It's
 cool. Keep it up!"" STEPHANIE: "You can come to our programs." (tells
 address).. B.F. DAN: "Yeah, but there're so many things happening...lots to
 do." (he just moved to New York).. STEPHANIE: "Yeah, tell me about it. I
 know, I know. You can try...""As Dan and his friend slip out of the
 picture, the Yogis start moving down 34th. Matt is again congratulated for
 his great performance which had helped fill the atmosphere with
 heart-opening Vibrations. He humbly declines all responsibility for the
 manifest blessings. His wife is advised to get him back to his six-star
 hotel for a foot-soak. He heartily accepts the offer. The saints part and
 the curtain closes.

 --------------------------------------------

 From: kavilal@mail1-gui.server.ntli.net
 Date: Sun, 14 Nov 1999 00:07:22 +0000
 Subject: Trinidad & St.Lucia

 All which was said by Nigel regarding the way they were recieved holds
 true for Trinidad and St.Lucia also, by the open hearts of simple,
 sincere seekers of truth.

 We left ourselves only a week for each Island which meant constant
 activity whilst there.

 Thankfully though, Mother stirred the heart of one such seeker in
 Trinidad to contact us with a request for details of Sahaja Yoga in her
 there, which we heard of just as the thought came up to do the trip.
 Upon hearing that we were coming, they imediately jump in feet first,
 printing up 2000 and distrbuting leaflets with details we sent by
 e-mail, booking venues for us throughout the country, placing ads in
 papers and on several radio stations, and arranging two T.V. interviews
 with two seperate stations. All at their own expense. We were also
 invited to stay in their home for the duration.

 Upon arrival in Trinidad, our first challenge, my feet touched her
 warm soil for the first time in almost 10 years, I made sure to take my
 sandals off even if it was only the tarmac of the runway, and the
 familiarity of her vibrations soaked in with the heat. ( After
 realization I had been able to reflect upon these which I had felt in
 the past as a child growing up there, without recognition we have for
 them as true Yogis)

 >From the strength of those vibrations there must surely be saints living
 there already, something I had long suspected as a child, we were to
 meet some.

 Taken to their home by our hosts, we were greeted by a sign chalked onto
 a child's blackboard; " Welcome to our Home Mr.Bates & Mr.Williams "
 written by their 8 year old daughter, who later enjoyed meditating with
 us, taking to it without any explaination, as well as her two cousins.
 Home was a tiny part of the downstairs portion of a large building
 comprising several such small abodes, inhabited by brothers and sisters
 and their families, as well as family heads, their surname?.. the
 Nabbies... believe it or not, such generosities were heaped upon us
 during our stay there we, we could never begin to express the respect
 and attention they gave us during our stay, there love and sincerity was
 an experience to be emulated. They were Muslim, but made no distinction
 between the creeds, after all we were there, and nearly all came for
 their realization, though we felt the Father of our host was already
 so; he determined our genuiness by our reasoning and explaination of
 the Holy Spirit and Kundalini, and related a little story which he felt
 applied to our endeavour;

 " Upon the realization of his impending death, a Saintly man inquired of
 God , 'Oh Lord on High, how can I be sure of living a good life in the
 one to come, in reply God sent an angel to visit him in his sleep and
 the angel took him on a journey; they entered a room which was very
 beautiful in every way, and therein was a gathering of people, seated
 around a huge banquet of the finest foods imaginable, but, the saintly
 man noticed, they each held a spoon which was FOUR FEET LONG and all
 were annoyed with each other and quareling, ' what is the meaning of
 this? enquired the man of the angel, 'come' said the angel. They left
 through a door and immediately entered another room which appearred
 exactley the same as the first, including the four-foot spoons, whith an
 exception; everybody was smiling and extremely joyous, astonished the
 man looked closer, and through the hub-bub of playfulness and mirth he
 noticed the reason why, with the four foot spoons they were feeding each
 other, not trying to fit it into their own mouths.....the simple old man
 who was 67 told us this with the candour of a child, as he drove us to
 our first venue, an hour and a halfs drive south from the capitol,
 huddled together in the cab of his small truck.

 Please allow me to continue this journal in another entry, as we are not
 long back from the journey and still steeped in the bliss of it, which I
 am sure will remain forever, but there is much for the heart to absorb
 and time is needed to reflect further.

 Forgive me for any mistakes in this entry Oh Lord and Mother within.

 thank you

 Clive and Royce JAI SRI MATAAJI

 ----------------------------------

 From: Alla Levitan, USA <alla108@hotmail.com>
 Subject: Diwali Puja 1999 impressions
 Date: Mon, 15 Nov 1999 06:36:00 GMT

 Dear Sahaja Yogis,

 Here is my impressions of Diwali 1999 in Greece.

 I arrived to Athens on Thursday evening, like most of yogis.
 When we arrived immediately I felt the peace of nabhi of
 the Universe. This peace gave somehow that heartwarm feeling
 of being at home, as if the land of Greece was welcoming all the
 Sahaja Yogis with all its Love. This feeling was with us for the
 whole stay in Greece.

 When we just came out from the airport, Greek yogis told us that
 Shri Mataji is arriving just in one hour at another airport in Athens.
 We all felt tremendously lucky. But the question arised how to get there
 (there was about 20 of us that just arrived).

 Greek yogis were such a great hosts that they told us all to go in their
 cars and themselves they took taxis to get to that airport, so everyone
 could get
 there on time. We were so thankful! (and during the whole tour Greek yogis
 also were always there to assist foreign yogis and so few in number they
 organised the whole tour just flawlessly.)

 There were about 100 yogis from different countries waiting in the airport
 for Shri Mataji to arrive, and then She came, extremely beautiful and very
 much shining with kindness - The Goddess Athena - She looked at everyone
 with such Motherly love and affection that we felt immediately as Her
 little children.

 Everybody offered flowers to Her. Joy overfilled our hearts.
 After Shri Mataji left to Her hotel in Athens, we boarded buses (prepared by
 Greek yogis) and we undertook 4-5 hours trip to the place of Puja camp site,
 Delphi. We were going under the clear night sky, and somehow this trip in
 the buses was resembling the bus trip from Mumbai to Ganapatipule.

 The Puja pendal was just a very big white tent with a wooden stage when we
 arrived on Thursday midnight. In one day I saw it being transformed into very
 auspicious, rigorously decorated Temple.

 In the famous Delphi (remember the "Oracle of Delphi"), not only we felt
 very much at home, but also full of joy. The upcoming celebration of the
 Great Goddess seemed to be known to all the nature around.

 Friday and Saturday were sunny, and air was fresh but warm, while the earth
 was very cold. Before the program I heard that She told some yogis that
 this Diwali Puja in
 Greece will be very special. And of course, it felt so. It was very
 interesting to find out
 that actually the site of Delphi was the Deva Loca of the World where Shri
 Mataji
 created Shri Ganesh and all the Deities.

 The commemorative card for the Diwali Puja 1999, prepared by hosting
 countries, said (let me quote): "THE LAND OF BRAHMADEVA
 My heart is overflowing. Mother, with love and compassion, and joy without
 end now seeing all your loving children united before You together once again.
 Here on the land of Brahmadeva, which really is the centre of the Nabhi of
 the world, divine love and vibrations are cooling our hearts from Shri Ganesha
 swayambu. The whole world knew Delphi was Deva Loca, the place of Shri
 Ganesha,
 the place of all the Gods. Our Holy Mother accept our true desire, that
 Delphi becomes once again as glorious as it was".

 The Puja was hosted by Greece, France, Switzerland, and African countries.
 Before opening Friday night musical program the hosting countries welcomed
 Shri Mataji back to Her Home place. It was said that Shri Mataji came to this
 place first, to create the Divinity here, and thus the first page of the
 Creation
 was open here, and then She went all around the Earth so that Divinity spread
 everywhere, and after the Divinity finally spread all around the World,
 now She is returning back to Her Home again to close the last page of this
 Chapter of Creation, on the closing of the Millenium. And what is the next
 Millenium will bring us in Her Divine plan, that is a mystery for all of us
 ...

 Everybody enjoyed profoundly the Friday and Saturday music nights in Her
 Divine Presence. Her love felt so intense, that we all felt taken very
 close to
 Her heart, we felt at home, with Her welcoming us and in Her complete
 protection and care as Her children.

 There were performances of hosting countries, all very good and original.
 I will mention some I remember:

 There was a 9 years-old boy from Greek collective that played violine
 unbelievably well, he played Bach by heart only, without looking into
 any notes. Shri Mataji commented that it is due to Sahaja Yoga he is
 able to play such complicated music pieces like that.

 Then there was a very famous, world renown tabla player from India, that
 Shri Mataji invited to play specially for the occasion of Diwali. He played
 tabla virtuosly, displaying different rhythms. He told the audience his story
 of traditional Indian music guru-disciple relationship. In fact in his
 childhood,
 when he approached very famous tabla player in Benares and asked him to
 take him as a student - he had to take care of the house of his guruji
 for 3 years before the music guru agreed to teach him the first lesson. So
 such dedication was required!

 The drama was presented by hosting countries about the different "perfect
 kings and rulers" that came to the earth in different ages. Starting with Shri
 Rama and finishing with Abraham Lincoln. Each hosting country played one
 scene about one personality. Then Shri Mataji commented on this play.
 She said that all these saintly people were strugling trying to establish the
 Truth and Justice alone. She said "they thought they were alone, but of
 course the Divine Power was always with these people, protecting and
 nourishing them, but still there was no collectivity with them, so just one
 person here and there, they could not change the whole world, but
 you - Sahaja Yogis are all like Mahatma Gandis or Abraham Lincolns, there
 are so many of you, the whole collectivity, and your Mother is also with you,
 so the whole World can be transformed by you now".

 Also after one of music program Shri Mataji told the story about terracotta
 project that She is doing around the world, The terracota is made by people
 in the place in India where in Her childhood She used to come with Her father
 and they saw the people who make the terracotta were very poor, and they
 lived on the trees. These are actually Greek people. They came to India at
 the time when Aleksander Makedonsky was there, but they felt so
 enchanted by the Holy land of India, that they did not want to return. They
 said they did not care for the poor conditions they had, so much they fell in
 love with the land of India.

 Shri Mataji told also that all the Gods worshipped in Greece are just the
 same as India Gods, but in Greece they made them into kind of human
 being by giving them in the legends all the human weaknesses and thus
 in Greece this ancient knowledge was lost.

 It was a great surprise to see African Sahaja Yogis for Diwali in Greece.
 Besides the country of South Africa the first appearance was made by the
 countries of Benin and Ivory Coast. The French speaking collectives (France
 and other countries) help them, as they are also French speaking. About
 30 new Sahaja Yogis from Benin and Ivory Coast were there.

 They filled our hearts with so much joy and happiness, as their performances
 were very bright, including native dances and amazing songs on traditional
 African tunes and newly created by them original motifs that praised Shri
 Mataji,
 there were like 20 of these songs, some in French, some in English, some in
 native languages, the meaning so deep and at the same time simple. I remember
 something like "Because She lives, we can face tomorrow". "You created the
 Earth and the Sky". I wish I could hear the recording of that evening
 again. These
 songs were unbelievable! And what great voices these people have!  Shri Mataji
 commented that they have very great sense of rhythm. That this is quality of
 Shri Shiva.

 It was so joyful to meet our new brothers and sisters from Africa. The
 feeling was like a part of our Greater Self, that was always missing for us,
 now came back with these African brothers and sisters joining us,  and
 now we feel very complete in our body of Virata,  reuniting at the Lotus Feet
 of Our Holy Mother.

 There was a performance from South African yogis as well, and they sang also
 the songs of black South African new yogis, (about 40 now in their
 collective) but
 they are in very poor condition, they don't even always have a plate of food.
 But they asked to tell to all the international collective of yogis, that
 as they learned
 about Sahaja Yoga and Shri Mataji, now their lives have meaning and they
 live only because of Shri Mataji now.

 Later I spoke with leader of South Africa and he said that they need very
 much help for the very hard conditions of African population in South Africa,
 and he added,  they don't need the material need of course, but they need the
 LOVING ATTENTION and BANDHANS for them. So please do keep attention
 and give them a lot of bandhans, may the hard conditions improve, and
 all the darkness of the past - negative customs go away (black magic,
 ancestorial worship, etc) and more and more black people will join Sahaja
 Yoga in South Africa and other African countries.

 He said that Shri Mataji told once, that Blacks in America will not come to
 Sahaja Yoga untill the African countries will come to Sahaja Yoga. He said
 they have
 recently more blacks joining them. They adopt different approach with them.
 They
 don't teach them mantras, techniques, etc, but let them dance, and sing and
 express themselves, and basically do whatever they like, as they are very
 spontaneous people. They composed a lot of songs, and they enjoy very much
 now,
 and they bring more and more their friends with them to Sahaja Yoga.
 He said when somebody asks some question about some problem he has, then
 they explain and show the clearance technique and then the person tries it
 at home,
 and after the problem goes away, they ask him to talk about it, and then it is
 practical and doesn't sound dry.

 Before the Saturday night music program started, the opening of Diwali
 Celebration was done. There was a walkway done across the hall for
 Shri Mataji to walk, all the yogis and yoginis were standing holding tiny
 candles along the walkway, and Shri Mataji went across to the other site
 of the pendal there were fireworks done for Her to see.

 Then on the stage they had symbolic lighting of the huge oil-lamp, where
 each part of it has some subtle meaning. From another commemorative
 card (by South Africa):
 "Deepawali is derived from two words,
 'Deepa' (light) and 'Awali' (rows). Diwali means rows of lights.
 We celebrate with lights to express joy of the spirit
 However to overcome the darkness of ignorance we have to enlighten
 ourselves. There is a sparkle of light in the eyes of Sahaja Yogis after their
 self-realization. The true celebration of Diwali is when Sahaja Yogis
 become the
 "Lights of Knowledge, Truth, Peace and Joy." -H.H.Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi

 The SY camp was 20 minutes walk from the town. The ancient town of Delphi
 is very small just about 3-5 streets. It is a tourist site, with no other
 businesses
 except tourist. And for the Puja weekend it was completely filled with yogis.
 This ancient town must have got overwhelmed. All the people were wondering
 what is going on. They never in their life have seen something like this
 gathering
 of yogis. All the little caffes and eating places in the town were full
 now. I think
 the most people enjoyed "Greek salad" (very simple to make- fresh cut
 cucumbers,
 tomatoes, few olives, and piece of Greek cheese on the top and all that
 covered
 with little olive oil. I would never think this simple salad could be so
 tasty.
 I'm gonna cook that now at home too!). Everybody's favorite sweet was special
 honey-sweet Greek treat "bakhlava". After all it is a nabhi place. So we
 enjoyed the food.

 The town is surrounded by the magnificent mountains and the bay of the sea
 was seen in the bottom of underlying valley. The sight was very magnificent.
 Also many yogis looked into little jewelry stores for Diwali gifts. There
 were many jewelry pieces with spirals of Kundalini 3.5 coils design. "This is
 our ancient Greek traditional design" -the salesperson was explaining to
 us - "It means something about birth and death, not sure..". The Sahaja Yogis
 were sure about it -it symbolised the second birth! On Saturday afternoon most
 of yogis went to the site of Apollon Temple and surroundings, all the holy
 sites -the ruins of the past glory of Delphi. There we saw Shri Ganesha
 swayambu,
 the big stone with elephant face (mentioned in the commemorative card).
 It was pointed out by Shri Mataji to Greek Sahaja Yogis. It has tremendous
 vibrations.
 Many yogis spent few hours there on Saturday enjoying the vibrations on that
 historical site. There were pomengranate trees and almond trees, full of
 ripe fruits
 and nuts growing around that place. Yogis were discussing that it must be
 because of
 Shri Ganesh they are growing there.

 Many yogis enjoyed eating these auspicious gifts of the Holy land
 surrounding this place.
 In contrast to sunny Friday and Saturday on Sunday the rain started pouring
 since the early morning. It was going more and more heavy. But then
 suddenly stopped
 completely for some time miracliously at the time of Havan suggested by
 Shri Mataji, at 2pm.
 We had very powerful havan sitting on the earth in the open behind the Puja
 tent.
 As it was suggested by Shri Mataji the names of Goddess Athena were read
 during the
 Havan. These names were prepared and presented to Shri Mataji the day
 before at the
 musical program. It took some yogini a lot of work to find these names in
 greek encyclopaedia
 books. For the havan Sahaja Yogis along with different negativities offered
 to the fire,
 asked the Holy Fire to destroy all the negativities for the upcoming public
 program.

 After the Havan the rain started again with a new strength. All the yogis
 gathered in
 Puja tent and in meditation waited for Shri Mataji to arrive. In the early
 hours of
 evening, the Diwali Puja started. Here are some points that I remember Shri
 Mataji said:
 "This Diwali night is the longest and the darkest night and we celebrate
 Diwali
 in this night with lighing many lights". As She was speaking about the
 darkest night
 I looked in the entrance opening near the stage. There was a complete wall
 of rain,
 falling on the ground in absolute darkness. It was very cold outside that
 day, but
 inside of the Puja hall it was very nice and warm (even it was just a plane
 tent),
 and there was lots of light.

 "Athena comes from 'Ath' - means primordial. Why Shri Adi Shakti decided to
 incarnate first at Nabhi land of Virata? Perhaps because hunger was one of
 the first
 instincts of the life, so She though She should give attention to this
 center first."
 "Sometimes while getting busy with important work, even with Sahaj work,
 we forget to be meditative, but we should always try to be thoughtless, should
 always be in meditative state.". "We should try to save as many people as
 possible,
 so every day we should save at least one person, we should give
 self-realization to
 at least one person." The vibrations were tremendous.

 During this Puja Shri Mataji would often go to meditation and stop speaking.
 "I am in very meditative mood today"- She said at the end of Her lecture.
 All the
 yogis felt absolutely unforgettable bliss. Shri Mataji stayed very long
 time with
 us after the Puja, accepting presents from different countries and giving
 presents to
 everyone from hosting countries, while the musicians played and sang songs.
 After Shri Mataji left the Puja tent yogis still danced till 5 am in the
 morning.

 In the morning of Monday many yogis left for airport, but some were going to
 go to public program to Athens on upcoming Tuesday night. Some of us,
 including me, took then the morning bus to Athens. Some, that did not get
 into Delphi museum site on Friday or Saturday wanted to go there on Monday,
 so they decided to stay in Delphi for a day more and takes buses into Athens
 on Tuesday morning.

 But they could not do it, because after the Puja, the elements really were
 set on their cleansing work, so a very strong thunderstorm emerged around
 the Puja site. The yogis who were there said they never saw such a
 thunderstorm
 before - the lightings were dancing all around and there was very strong
 thunder.
 And lots of water got into the tent at that point (but there were no valuable
 things left at that point, everything was packed and went on Monday
 morning).

 The buses after getting us to Athens in the late afternoon on Monday turned
 back and picked up the rest of yogis from Delphi. They arrived to Athens on
 Tuesday morning. After enjoying Puja vibrations of Holy Delphi, the vibrations
 of Athens did not seem that good anymore. We felt a lot of vishuddhi problems
  - may be because there was a communist demonstration on Monday night
 all around that area, or may be because too many people in the city were
 smoking.

 But on Tuesday we got a very joyful task to do - Greek yogis brought posters
 and leaflets and about 50 Sahaja Yogis from different countries spread out
 in groups to
 do this Sahaj work before the public program. While postering we talked and
 some
 yogis told me that Shri Mataji told to yogis from hosting countries when
 meeting them
 in Her hotel She emphacised 2 points again.
 - Sahaja Yogis should not feel guilty for anything at all
 - To do namaskar correctly we should put the palms of hands away from our
 head.

 On Tuesday night there was public program. The hall was so full that there
 was no place left to sit even on the floor. I can't say how many new people
 were
 there, a 1000 or much more? Shri Mataji talked about Aleksandr Makedonsky
 who went to India and he liked the Indian customs very much, he tried to
 improve
 the order of the church, and so Ortodox Church got some better customs because
 of that comparing to Catholic church.

 Greek seekers liked Shri Mataji's lecture very much, and there was no
 questions from the audience at all. Everyone got their self-realization. After
 the self-realization session Shri Mataji left the hall. But Sahaja Yogis
 musicians
 played on stage untill the morning. The African musicians were there too
 and when they started singing and dancing the vibrations just went dancing
 too, and I think the joy was overflowing the hall and perhaps, even we
 could not
 see it, but like a mighty river it might have started flooding the areas of
 the city.

 On Wednesday morning almost everyone left back to their countries. It was
 unforgettable experience.

 
 



SY News - May 28 2001.htm
 
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 More news to share. Please enjoy!

 * Seminar in Israel
 * International Sahaja Yoga Youth Camp in Daglio
 * Sahasrara Puja News
 * SY in Latvia
 * Shri Rama (from Australian Newsletter)

 Much love,

 Mark

 -----------------------------------------------------------

 From: "Oleg Kotliarsky" <sy_israel@hotmail.com>
 Subject: Israel Seminar
 Date: Tue, 15 May 2001 05:13:34

 We'd like to invite SYogies for our seminar which will take
 place 8-9 of June on the Galilee See, Israel. For any info pls contact :
 +972-54-649216 (Oleg), +972-3-5531007 (Yana).

 --------------------------------------------------------------

 Date: Sat, 26 May 2001 14:40:49 +0100 (BST)
 From: Hans Kuna <hkuna@yahoo.com>
 Subject: International Sahaja Yoga Youth Camp in Daglio

 Dear All,

 This year there will again be an International Sahaja
 Yoga Youth Camp in Shri Mataji's house in Daglio near
 Cabella.

 The dates are:
 Girl's: 09.07.01 - 22.07.01
 Boy's: 22.07.01 - 04.08.01

 Young Sahaja Yogis from all countries from 8 to 18 are
 welome.

 We also need Adults to help out at this most enjoyable
 event in all kinds of fields from creative activities
 over handicrafts to shopping etc.

 Please contact your country leader or the designated
 coordinator for more information.

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 Hans

 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


 From: "pawan vishwakarma" <pawan_vishwa@hotmail.com>
 Subject: Re: message Sahasrara Day?
 Date: Sat, 12 May 2001 14:03:40

 Jai Shree Mataji,

 I have not attended the puja but what ever I came to hear
 was that Shree Mataji has given a big stress in increasing the collectivity
 and to tell everybody about Sahaja and our aim should be to make 40% of the
 total population, Sahaji.

 Secondly she told that how she has single handedly done it all
 over the years and now its our responsibility to spread it further.
 She has given the references of the pioneer yogis for e.g. Raulbai who
 is the first yogini on this planet and told how she declared in public that
 Mother is Adishakti, that determination and boldness we all should develop etc.

 I hope you will receive the complete and chronological speech soon
 or may be you might have received it till now.

 Love Pawan

 From: "naresh maria" <marianaresh@hotmail.com>
 Subject: Sahasrara puja
 Date: Fri, 11 May 2001 05:28:01

 Jai Shri Mataji

 Shri Mataji was very happy from this puja. She said" I bow to all Sahaja
 yogis who have found the truth." and then she spoke about Turkey
 programme.and then she said that some scientist have found some energy. It
 is like they called " quantum" she said that when you see some miracle
 photograph there is some colorful vibrations it is the same. And than she
 told the story of Nal and Kali (Nal and Damayanti) Nal wanted to kill Kali
 but Kali said that when my time will come all the seekers will be the house
 holders.and than after puja when Shri Mataji was receiving puja gift some yogis started
 to sings bhajans. Chalat musafhir and gondhri ahmi gondhri all Sahaja yogis
 and yoginis started to dance really there was a divine rain of joy. Before puja at 400pm
 there was a musical program of santoor by Bhajan Sapori. There was a jugal
 bandi of Santoor and rain. When he was playing there was a torrential rain
 outside.and after puja talk Shri Mataji didn't say may god bless you. She
 said thank you very much.

 Jai Shri Mataji

 Date: Mon, 14 May 2001 17:20:40 +0200
 From: "Smita Barbattini" <barbattini@ilo.org
 Subject: News from Puja/Cabella

 Now is really high time to write to all of you.

 my dear everybody,

 Yes! about Sahasrara day puja!!! It was fantastic, very different and very strong. Well about the talk as I remembered, Shri Mataji went on the same line as new year or Shivaratri puja talk. She talked also about quantum physics which scientist can't reason out certain things because they are not aware of these vibrations. Mostly the message was about to spread Sahaj, because She said we can not save the world if 40% are not Sahajyogis in this world. She said it twice. She didn't start the talk as usual, She started as "I bow to all the Sahajyogis........." like that which was very touching and the same time very embarrassing. Imagine, the God Almighty saying this to us, we are like kis jhad ki patti no, in front?

 The 2 nights before the entertainment went full fledge till early morning, like Friday until 2 am and Saturday until 4 am. Even with that time, they didn't manage to accommodate Bhajan Sapori! Well something else was the Divine's wish!! So we had beautiful rendering of rag Champakali on Santoor from Bhajan Sapori which was more than beautiful on the Puja day in the afternoon!! Shr Mataji came around 6 pm. After his Santoor, Shr Mataji left for Castle and came back for the Puja again around 11.30 -midnight. The talk was very short and so the puja. She asked the children from 15-21years to wash the Charan, so thy were around 15-20 and then the Shringar and after the Aarati the presents went till 4 am again. While giving Her presents, the Italians started singing amhi Gondhali, amhi aaiche gondhali, amhi mateche gondhali.... and whole hangar was dancing and Shri Mataji had tears in her eyes and it was so touching!!

 Otherwise, there was heavy rains all the 3 days of the puja. But since last year, we got rain for nearly every puja. We don't know for what Shri Mataji preparing us with these situations. Otherwise the things are fine. William was in Lugano (Swiss Italian part-very beautiful) for a faire on "Health and the complementary medicines", where we had the stall of Shahajayoga and as he speaks Italian, he was very happy to go. he should be arriving today sometime.

 That's all for now.

 love
 Monatai/ Mona /Smita

 Date: Sun, 27 May 2001 22:20:19 -0400
 From: Ashish Pradhan <apradhan@bigfoot.com>
 Subject: Sahasrara puja 2001- impressions

 JAI SHRI MATAJI !

 Dear brothers and sisters,

 Although the puja took place two weeks ago and have returned to Canada a
 long time since, the memories and impressions are wonderfully vivid and
 would like to share some of them with you. My profound apologies for the
 delay in this correspondence.

 The puja was held, as is quite well known, during the weekend of 5-7th
 May in Cabella. The principal organizing countries were Austria,
 Germany, Czech Republic, Slovakia and Hungary. It was our greatest
 fortune to have the DIVINE PRESENCE of our beloved DIVINE MOTHER with us
 on both the entertainment program evenings.

 On the evenings of 5th and 6th May, we were treated to a veritable feast
 of music and dance, one surpassing the other. Both the evenings started
 with beautiful and radiant children singing Sahaja songs and were also,
 quite aptly, dressed like little angels. They displayed a remarkable
 degree of stage presence, as though they were veteran performers and it
 was a treat to see them deliver flawless performances. On the 5th, this
 was followed by an alternating sequence of dance, music and films
 (documentaries). Of particular interest was the compilation of media
 clips derived from major Turkish television networks of the public
 program in Turkey including portions of personal interviews of SHRI
 MATAJI. Another interesting documentary was presented by the Slovakian
 collective of their 'public program' held in the countryside for the
 'Roma', or 'gypsies' a migrant population in their country and parts of
 Europe. It was a documentation on film of the most unostentatious self
 realization program that one may have ever witnessed. SHRI MATAJI was
 extremely pleased by this effort and suggested that this model is worthy
 of emulation. Later in the evening a Czech singing group called 'Wind in
 the palms', mostly composed of young yogis, gave a sweet, melodious and
 memorable presentation of some cherished bhajans. As the evening
 progressed, we had more bhajans and quawwallis (Slovakian and later
 German brothers and sisters) and the vibrations were amazing !
 On the second evening (6th May), there were dance presentations and a
 drama (performed by the Austrian collective) based the nine incarnations
 of the ADI-SHAKTI. The drama was presented in a non stylized, simple
 and direct manner. It was also lyrical and sophisticated, the artistes'
 collective expressions of creativity flowing and manifesting into a
 harmonious whole. Interestingly, one of them included an episode on the
 'Joan of Arc' and the one based on 'SHRI MARY MATA' (derived from
 Khalil Gibran's composition) brought tears to my eyes and am sure that I
 was not alone. We had a classical Bharat Natyam presentation by two
 Austrian sisters, which was simply astounding for the virtuosity and
 dexterity of their performances. It was amazing to note what Sahaja can
 do to blossom individual capacity for expression. The evening concluded
 with a wonderful, full fledged, concert style performance by members of
 the Austrian collective.

 SHRI MATAJI had recommended, and accordingly it was so arranged, to have
 the major music artistes' presentation on the evening of the puja
 itself, before the puja. The artiste was Shri Bhajan Sopori, a well
 known exponent of the 'Santoor'. It was an evening to remember, with the
 dark rain clouds and a beautiful breeze blowing through the valley. As
 the sun set behind the mountains, Shri Soporiji gave a wonderful
 presentation of an evening raaga, and it seemed that the entire valley
 and surroundings were throbbing with joy on this most auspicious of
 days. When it finally started to rain, the sound of the water falling on
 the hangar roof seemed to conspire with the santoor and the tabla to
 raise the level of those assembled to almost dizzying heights of elation
 ! Someone remarked to SHRI MATAJI that the puja had already started,
 and SHE quietly smiled ! SHRI MATAJI then left for HER house to return
 in a short while.

 In this atmosphere of great serenity and anticipation, SHRI MATAJI
 arrived for the puja. The puja talk was simple but has left me
 (personally) with an impression of immeasurable magnitude. SHE started
 the talk by taking into account a brief of Sahaja yoga. SHE stated how
 in fact it was in the beginning when the then yogis had really no idea
 who SHE was and it was the utterances of a 'possessed' woman who upon
 setting eyes on HER, lapsed into chaste sanskrit shlokas scripted by
 Shri Adi Shankaracharya describing the wondrous beauty of SHRI
 JAGADAMBA. The yogis, upon this belated yet stunned realization
 requested and sought HER permission to perform the first ever puja. It
 was said that this kind of a puja if improperly performed can be very
 destructive but nothing of the sort happened and Sahaja yoga has
 continued to blossom and grow ever since.

 SHRI MATAJI commented on the state of science and its recognition of the
 'quantum state' and 'quantum energy'. SHE mentioned that as light or
 energy supposedly exists in two 'states', in a wave form or sometimes in
 the form of 'quanta' or packets of energy, science has no answer as to
 where from these 'quanta' originate. However, SHE continued, it seems
 that science has at least reached this stage (of subtlety). The latter
 half of HER speech was devoted to stating that we have to spread Sahaja
 yoga more and more. SHE said that AT LEAST 40% of the world's population
 could become Sahaja yogis!! Moreover, the most important thing is that
 one cannot go wrong with giving someone their self realization. When we
 give self realization to someone, it is the best thing that we can
 possibly do for that person.

 The puja followed thereafter. Words fail me to describe the state of
 Divine Joy in which we found ourselves immersed during and after it was
 over. The depth of thoughtlessness in which the collective was immersed
 would contain creation itself. I am blabbering but I guess that is how
 the atmosphere was, wish one had the skill of a poet to describe an
 essentially ecstatic state through an impossibly limited medium of
 words.

 After the puja, as we were gazing upon HER MAJESTIC and SUPREME BEAUTY,
 there were some more bhajans and as the resounding chorus strains of
 'Amhi Mateche Gondhali' filled the air, the dancing began once again. It
 was just a physical manifestation of what our spirits were already doing
 for a long long time !!

 Love,

 Ashish Pradhan
 Montreal, Canada






 From: "M.W.Biggs" <M.W.Biggs@soton.ac.uk>
 Subject: Fwd: SAHASRARA PUJA
 Date: Thu, 17 May 2001 18:29:44 +0100 (BST)

 JAI SHRI MATAJI!

 Dear Brothers and Sisters,

 SAHASRARA PUJA
 Mother's Talk and Recollections......
 The Heaven's opened: we were drowning in Mother's compassion. A deluge was
 released over Cabella Ligure to cleanse the Sahasrara: Cool and becoming
 cooler.
 Time: 11.05pm
 Time means nothing to the Adi Shakti.
 We are all beyond time.

 'I bow to all the Sahaja Yogis who have found the truth...'
 There are seekers of truth all over the world who went to wrong people. When
 seekers find the truth they will be ordinary people. It has been prophecised
 that you must know yourself. From childhood I knew that I had to do My lot. The
 first thing I did was to make India free from bondage. So many seekers have
 been lost to false gurus, especially in America. The Sahasrara had to be
 broken.

 In the beginning there were about 25 yogis. They forced Me to be worshipped as
 the Goddess, who had come to save them. I agreed. They did Puja to Me, but I
 didn't want to let the world know about Me. Kundalini, when she breaks the
 Sahasrara you are connected to the Divine Love- the energy is all over. But
 what are these vibrations? A very subtle energy starts flowing if you keep
 attention on Sahasrara. It is called....Quantum energy. It flows-not visible,
 but it has light. The spiritual energy of love-it flows in bundles. It works
 physically-My connection with the Divine. It just works-you can work out your
 own energies. All people are to be given Self Realisation- Atma Sakshat-the
 absolute knowledge.

 I was overwhelmed in 1970, and realised that Sahasrara had to be opened. I was
 very happy. Nobody understood-only with Kundalini awakened can you have
 Realisation. Such a misunderstanding. All in the books, just reading. Just to
 be used for their own selfish reasons. None were Realised Souls.The Zen
 philosophy is see but don't think. Nobody tried for thoughtless awareness. Tao
 spoke of the all pervading power. Lao Tse. How to become a Saint? Alot had been
 written, but nobody knew how. In the 12th Century Ganeshwara talked about it.
 Discorded rituals. Nobody knew how to raise Kundalini.

 Now the Sahaja Yogis know and we must go all out to give Self Realistion.
 Gypsies get it, anyone can get it if they have pure desire. Take it seriously
 and work it out. You can never make a mistake. You know what you have to do.
 The Goddess has used Her 1000 hands and now you have to do it with 2 hands.
 When I went to Turkey they said Mother we are bankrupt. I did not do anything
 and within a few days the World Bank gave them 10 million dollars.

 Ladies there have done such a big job. You must find out and break the
 Sahasrara of others...40% people in the world should be Realised Souls.
 Whosoever it is, they can be anybody,anywhere. It is working out all over. Dont
 be dissappointed. The greatest enemy is drinking-the worst. There are also fake
 gurus and organisations. We are like gentle soldiers of love-it has to spread
 very fast. I am sure that one day this world will be a changed place.
 Thankyou very much.'

 HH Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi
 Cabella Ligure, 6 May 2001.

 Much Love,
 Marcus Biggs
 UK Collective

 ------------------------------------------------------

 Date: Mon, 14 May 2001 13:24:10 +0100
 From: Galina <galina@viisnurk.ee>

 Public Program in Riga.

 Dear all,

 On 12th of May there was a Public Program in Riga, Latvia. When
 we heard there would be a program we were amazed because it was real
 miracle of SY. Sahaja Yogis from different countries used to keep attention
 and take bandhans on spreading SY in Latvia. But there was no collective
 there, only some realised souls who didn`t practise SY. In February we
 discovered that one of them wanted to know more about SY. We sent him
 some materials about SY and Shri Mataji, plus some lectures. He wrote to
 us that he gave realisation to some people and some of them started meditating.

 After Sahasrara Puja Lithuanian yogis said there would be Public
 Program in Riga, so three of us Estonian yogis decided to go to Riga for
 the Program.

 We came to Riga at Midday and were on time. PP was held in a small room
 (about 30 seats). Guntis (Latvian co-ordinator) was already there. It
 was his first PP and the Lithuanian yogis that should have come to the
 Program to sing bhajans and give Realisation, were not there, so we
 started the Program without them. There were 11 seekers and 2 Latvian
 yogis who were like seekers also.

 So we asked in our thoughts to have Shri Mataji to come to the Program and
 get things started. We talked about Shri Mataji and SY, showed the film " Great
 Mother" and gave Realisation. Vibrations were very strong as Mother was
 among us. Some of the seekers were very interested in SY and wanted to
 practice SY, so we invited them to Parnu for more in-depth seminars.

 When the program was over, the Lithuanian yogis finally came. They didn`t
 know that the time in Latvia is one-hour ahead. That`s why they were late.
 They performed some bhajans for us. After that we returned to Estonia. We
 hope by Shri Mataji`s Grace, SY in Latvia will spread more and more and soon we`ll
 see Latvian yogis on International Pujas.

 Much love,

 Larissa . Parnu (Estonia)

 -----------------------------------------------------------

 From: GRABMAYER Anton <anton.grabmayer@it-austria.com>
 Subject: Lord Rama
 Date: Thu, 10 May 2001 09:59:45 +0200

 Jai Shri Mataji!
 from AUS newsletter:

 The Glory of Lord Rama

 Lord Rama was born on the ninth day of the month of Chitra, hence we
 celebrate his birthday as a 'Navami'. Indian mathematicians and philosophers
 see nine as a magical number. Planets in our solar system are also nine, as
 are the main forms of goddess Durga and the ways of bhakti - devotion. Let
 us consider why we celebrate Rama-Navami, by considering nine of Lord Rama's
 great characteristics/virtues.

 "Actions speak louder than Words" was Rama's chief motto. He embodied all
 the virtues by practising what he preached. More than his divine powers, his
 glorious heritage or his incredible prowess was his unblemished,
 untarnished, irreproachable character. His popularity, bravery, courage in
 face of all adversities, kindness, sense of justice, obedience,
 intelligence, limitless patience, boundless compassion and steadfast
 following of duty/"dharma" have endeared him to countless generations of
 Hindus and non-Hindus alike.

 1) Popularity. To lay claim to the title of "Idol/Hero", one should be
 popular with the people. Kings and politicians soon loose their popular
 appeal with loss of power. Popular idol/ hero rules in the hearts and minds
 of the ordinary people. Rama achieved this by his innate characteristics of
 charm, kindness, openness, generosity and a real willingness to listen to
 other's problem. Everyone in Ayodhya felt they could approach Rama with
 their problems. Rama was known to find swift, realistic and just answers for
 every one. His aura, charm and charisma made every one relax and feel happy
 in his presence.

 2) Bravery. It is essential for an "Idol/Hero" to be brave. It is not enough
 to be popular if you can not achieve anything concrete. Rama fought for his
 people in the battlefield as well as the Royal Court of Ayodhya. He stood
 his ground in all adversities and fought for the cause of righteousness.
 Being adventurous, Rama took his exile as a great challenge to explore new
 frontiers. Even in the jungles He fought for the rights of the oppressed. To
 be brave means to face danger with open eyes. Knowing his enemies strong
 points as well as the weaknesses, Rama sought to rid the society of those
 who threatened to undermine it.

 3) Kindness. This is one of Rama's major attribute. He taught mankind how to
 be kind as well as brave. Ravan was brave but had a cruel heart. This
 eventually corrupted him and made him a villain. Bravery should be tempered
 by a kind and gentle heart, so that the God given powers of strength are not
 misused. Power, success, wealth and popularity can easily go to one's head
 and soon corrupt the good intentions one begins with. Rama never let this
 happen as his prowess was always tempered by a kind and gentle soul.
 4) Justice. Kindness and generosity of heart should not border on to being
 gullible. Rama's kindness was tempered by his love for justice. He was
 always just and fair. Seeing where kindness or punishment is due, Rama
 delivered it accordingly. In his kingdom, every one had the constitutional
 right to approach the King with their grievance. Always in keeping with the
 spirit of justice, Rama installed Vali's son on the throne of Kishkindh and
 Ravan's brother on the throne of Lanka. He never coveted anything that
 belonged to others and inspired love for justice in his people with his own
 actions.

 5) Obedience. Most famous attribute of Rama was his obedience and loyalty to
 his parents, guru and the subjects. Rama sought to keep his father's promise
 and willingly accepted fourteen years of exile. If Rama himself disregarded
 his King and father's wish, what sort of example would that set for the
 future generations? To teach obedience, one should practice obedience.
 6) Intelligence. Obedience should always be tempered by intellect. Obedience
 should not be slavish. Dasharath ordered Rama to take the kingdom by force,
 imprison him and if necessary call on the army to support him. But Rama
 refused such suggestions. To break an oath/promise is a sin but to suggest
 covert ways of escaping the oath would be a greater sin. He always obeyed by
 considering what would be right, proper and good for his people. Rama asked
 his father, "If a drunk parent or guru should order the child or disciple to
 cremate them, should such an order be carried out?" - "Of course not. Orders
 given by a clouded mind can not and should not be obeyed." Sometimes it is
 far better to obey the spirit of the order than the order itself."

 7) Patience. Intelligent people should be patient in order to earn people's
 love. Often the intellectuals become impatient with the dull-witted. Rama
 had a great virtue of being gentle and understanding even with the
 uneducated jungle dwellers. Often the intelligent become angry with people
 who can't see as far ahead as they can. Rama endured his exile with
 legendary patience. When he came to the Southern tip of India, He was
 patient with the Ocean. Rama knew that a single arrow from his bow could
 achieve his purpose, but He decided to show respect for the Heavenly Gods
 and waited for their answer. Though capable of building a bridge of arrows,
 He let the monkeys build a bridge so they too could be satisfied with their
 war efforts.

 8) Universal Love. Rama's love for all creatures great and small helped him
 win over the hearts of rich and poor, strong and weak, scholars and
 villagers alike. Rama's love was universal and boundless. Even Ravan, his
 mortal enemy, received Rama's grace. Vali was also convinced of Rama's love
 and was liberated from the eternal cycle of birth and rebirth. Rama's
 gentleness was legendary and so even the uncivilised jungle dwellers came to
 him with out any apprehensions. Rama's love and compassion make him an ideal
 for all time.

 9) Being Dutiful. Rama was forever aware of his duty - "Dharma", and
 followed it unnervingly. All his above characteristics were tempered by
 desire to follow that which is right. Rama was never blind in his love.
 Considering duty to be above all else, even life, Rama followed dharma -
 duty, to the very last. Though he had boundless loved for his wife, He
 abandoned her for the common moral good of his subjects. Rama followed his
 duty as a son, brother, husband, prince, king, friend, and father at all
 times. Regardless of personal cost/grief, Rama sacrificed everything in the
 pursuit of Dharma, duty.

 It is these qualities which have endeared Him to world's multitudes rather
 than his good looks or great wealth. Physical beauty wanes with time, money
 is soon spent, fame is soon forgotten but generous deeds, great character
 and boundless com-passion endure for all time. His wish to do good for the
 people, even at personal suffering endeared him to the people more than
 elaborate speeches or ceremonies. His personal conduct spoke louder than
 mere words of philosophy. Such is the glory of his memory that even now
 people invoke Rama Rajya as the ideal, utopian system. It gave a democratic
 monarchy to the people. A system in which even the most humble may voice
 their opinion and be noticed.

 In Rama Rajya there were no criminals or oppressors and no one was ever
 oppressed. Every one had equal rights, justice was available to all. Taxes
 were not excessive and every one had work to occupy them. Rama had assured
 his people peace and plenty because as a King he served his people rather
 than be served by them. Where a ruler has all of the above characteristics,
 people can still enjoy Rama Rajya. It is the ideal of self-less service
 which has made Rama one of the greatest idol/heroes of all time. On
 Rama-Navami we fast till noon in anticipation of Rama's birth and not as a
 penance. After his birth at mid-day, people celebrate by dancing and singing
 auspicious songs. Let us celebrate Rama-Navami by following His ideal
 standards. By following these in his life, Rama has shown that it is
 possible to aspire for great-ness and "ideal life".
 (contributed by Liallyn Fitzpatrick, Sydney) 


SY News 81299.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Here is the latest (albeit somewhat tardy) SY news for you to enjoy!
 * SY Web site update
 * Millenium introspection
 * Review of new MILLENIUM CD from IPO
 * SY Exhibition in Brasilia
 * Help for Public Programmes to be held in Trinidad
 * Dhanvantri Photo (God of Medicine)

 Kind Regards,

 Mark

 -----------------------------------------

 From: Calin Costian, USA <calin@nortelnetworks.com> 
 Subject: Article for SahajNews about the web site 
 Date: Thu, 11 Nov 1999 14:18:03 -0600 

 Dear brothers and sisters, 

 For most of this year, the visits to the Sahaja Yoga web site have been oscillating between high 200's to low 400's (hits per day). The all-time record was about 460 or so. On November 2nd, the latest Counting Crows CD was released and I got a voicemail from Matt Malley saying that he actually went to the store and bought a CD to make sure, and... the CD has now on the inside cover special thanks to Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi AND an invitation to visit our web site! 

 Well, I checked the web stats and guess what - the graph spiked to an all time record (537 hits on that day), following by similar (and even higher - going over 550) numbers for the following days. Good job Matt !! and thank you for getting us on the inside cover, it really paid off. 

 As mentioned in a previous letter, the number of emails we receive from seekers visiting our site has also been steadily increasing to an average of about 5 messages every day. And they are calling the centers too! - Anand from Atlanta said that he and his wife received at least 5 calls only over the past month, from Atlanta seekers who had found them through the web site. Bumper stickers also work: one seeker who called us here in Dallas specifically said that they saw the web site address on the bumper sticker on a Sahaja Yogini's car ("that car kept coming back in front of me somehow, and the second time I actually wrote it down"). This seeker was really glad to have come across our web site and was interested in Sahaja Yoga, and thought that "this is no coincidence".

 It would be interesting to know how many people in US/Canada we are getting from the web site, so if your center is also receiving such calls, drop me a note at calin@nortelnetworks.com and let me know how many you receive on average. We can try to put up a short report in one of the upcoming SahajNews issues. Also if your contact number or info on ongoing meetings changes, don't forget to send a note to Patrick Thompson (thompson@roguewave.com) so we can update it on the web.
 Another little miracle happened recently during the move of our site from one web hosting company to another. It took a couple weeks to complete and a lot of emails with Internic that Mark Mays and I sent back and forth. Little did we know that the new company was just about to perform a server upgrade which left the new site inaccessible for a couple of days. By a Divine coincidence, it so happened that precisely after the upgrade was done and the new site functional, Internic approved the move of the domain name so that we didn't have any downtime at all ! Also, it so happened that during these couple weeks my workload diminished to almost nil, allowing me to work on the server move (in fact, on the day of the actual move it literally slowed down to a halt, since I received zero work-related emails or requests on that day).
 As Nigel mentioned in his letter about the trip to Jamaica, now we're realizing why the Divine has created the Internet. And above all, we constantly see that indeed we are doing nothing - Shri Mataji, verily You are doing Everything.

 JAY SHRI ADI SHAKTI MATAJI NIRMALA DEVI !!! 

 Calin 

 ------------------------------------------------------

 NOTE FROM MARK: the author of the following piece is unknown.

 Date: Tue, 09 Nov 1999 15:58:59 +0100 
 From: Siddharth Mohan <sidmohan@huberpartner.ch> 
 Subject: Millennium Introspection 

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 An introspection message for the Millennium for everybody. Please 
 forward this to all your friends whose life you like improve.

 Best regards,

 Siddharth Mohan

 A Present Day Truth 
 ===================
 "The paradox of our time in history is that we have taller buildings, 
 but shorter tempers; wider freeways, but narrower viewpoints; we spend 
 more, but have less; we buy more, but enjoy it less. We have bigger 
 houses and smaller families; more conveniences, but less time; we have more 
 degrees, but less sense; more knowledge, but less judgment; more experts, but more 
 problems; more medicine, but less wellness.

 We have multiplied our possessions, but reduced our values. We talk 
 too much, love too seldom, and hate too often. We've learned how to make 
 a living, but not a life; we've added years to life, not life to years. 
 We've been all the way to the moon and back, but have trouble crossing 
 the street to meet the new neighbor. We've conquered outer space, but not 
 inner space; we've cleaned up the air, but polluted the soul; we've split the 
 atom, but not our prejudice.

 We have higher incomes, but lower morals; we've become long on 
 quantity, but short on quality. These are the times of tall men, and 
 short character; steep profits, and shallow relationships. These are the times 
 of world peace, but domestic warfare; more leisure, but less fun; more
 kinds of  food, but less nutrition. These are days of two incomes, but more divorce; 
 of fancier houses,  but broken homes. It is a time when there is much in the 
 show window and nothing in the stockroom; a time when technology can bring 
 this letter to you, and a time when you can choose either to make a 
 difference... or just hit delete."

 To make the difference now http://www.sahajayoga.org 

 -----------------------------------------------------

 Date: Wed, 17 Nov 1999 00:48:39 +0000 
 From: Geoffrey Godfrey, UK <ipoindia@dircon.co.uk>
 Subject: MILLENNIUM REVIEW 

 MILLENIUM REVIEW

 MILLENIUM is the latest recording from The IPO containing no less than 19 
 songs by various musicians from various countries in various styles. One of 
 the interesting things about it is the way in which these songs flow on 
 from one another with surprising fluency and unanimity of tone. The IPO - 
 are an international, 'loosely-knit, closely connected band of artists who 
 enjoy playing music which points to how we can connect with the "reality 
 behind the everyday"'. This is music with a message.

 The CD opens with the soulful WHEN EVER which takes us back a full 2000 
 years, what better place to start, and then it comes right up to date with 
 the lyric: "The truth is manifesting one thousand million stars" the 
 central message being "the Comforter will come!"

 GOD IS CLOSER, a German rap song (in English) follows on. Slick and catchy, 
 it embodies a rather startling statement about the Holy Ghost/Comforter. 
 The lyrics announce: "To rescue the seekers, She traveled all over the 
 world. She was also in your city. Haven't you heard?

 It seems the whole thrust of this musical ensemble is about startling 
 statements & heartfelt announcements. (See what you think.) Indeed, you 
 could say that the whole CD seeks to deal with the questions: Can Pop be 
 sublime? Can Rock Music, which is so associated with clubs and drugs and, 
 to put it in a nutshell, the material body, be made into something 
 transcendent, something spiritual?

 It doesn't let up there, COMFORTER the third track speaks of a meditation: 
 "In that moment you showed me, just what it means, to go beyond time and 
 space, and everything in between." The lyrics are serious in what they 
 say, finishing up with: 
 "Do we realize...this is the final revolution. The final revelation!"
 Jeremy Clancy's THE REVOLUTION, with fine, stinging vocals continues on 
 this theme "Don't you know the revolution.....is within" refining the 
 process further to "We're talking about love, love, love, love, love." This 
 track has a tremendous undercurrent of real power and glory. Surely this 
 would be the pop single?

 LIKE HEAVEN and WHY DON'T YOU TRY? by the Austrian singer Sia are two most 
 beautiful and jazzy tracks, "Calm, peaceful, Oh so joyful" they explode 
 with flavor and are worth the price of the CD alone.

 Matt Malley's LOVELY ETERNAL with its haunting vocals and maybe the best 
 original line on the CD: "Your silence is louder than any devices of our 
 own", is particularly effective. This is real poetry delivered in the 
 folk/rock genre. In praise of the eternal it overflows with bhakti.
 Ville Tantu's inspiring Finnish interpretation of some lines by the ancient 
 seer William Blake, titled MERRY HEART, has a stunning chorus in what, I 
 guess, is Finnish but sounds like Sanskrit, proves that modern styles can 
 infuse ancient poetry with life.

 Folk music, with its ancient traditions, is maybe more easily or more 
 obviously suited to the expression of spiritual subject matter, and several 
 of the tracks here, including Doug Nicely's pleasant, sunny ON THE GROUND, 
 recorded in L.A., Chris Marlow's OUT OF MY HEAD with neat guitar solo from 
 Paddy Martin, Debbie Eckman' mystical GURU MANTRA and Daniel Wagner's SHE 
 DOES IT ALL, featuring Joanne Levine on cello, come somewhere between folk 
 and rock and make for uplifting, provocative and inspiring listening day 
 or night.

 Provocative, because the songs sing of the feminine aspect of the divine, 
 the Comforter, Counselor, Redeemer, the Mother, Guru & Holy Ghost, no soppy 
 'here today-gone tomorrow' love-lost songs here. "Sing all you people, 
 sing from the Heart, sing like you've never done before"....and why...well 
 these are special times, Millennium Times.

 TRUE REFLECTION "Like a lake I will calm me down. Still my soul to that 
 Holy Sound" is perhaps the albums most introspective track as it echoes the 
 innermost desire, "A true Reflection in my Soul I'll see." Following on in 
 a similar tone is Ciaran McLaughlin's accomplished STILL LIFE SUPREME, 
 again reminiscent of a meditative experience recorded in song.
 Driving rock, you're probably asking? Don't worry, for those who enjoy 
 playing a bit of 'air guitar', we have your song here, recorded in 
 Pennsylvania, USA. BORN OF FIRE, doesn't beat about the bush, starting 
 right out from creation itself, the story brings us to the present day with 
 the finale: "The secret of Selfhood is alive!" Similarly, YOUR NAME in a 
 rocky U2 style delivers up some striking guitar and lyrics: "A rising force 
 of love that non can defy" Try it!

 Rap, yes we have that too. Shoebeat Rap a phenomenal song, a mystical 
 lyric: "when the Mother's in your heart and the Child is in your head". A 
 song with a attitude, yet a song invoking a meditative state/experience.
 Instrumental, well that's how the cd finishes. a triumphal traditional song 
 set in a modern composition, recorded in Italy. World music for sure.
 What's more the music comes with a 16 page booklet which seeks to discuss 
 the Millennium time and also the subject of much of the music. The feminine 
 aspect of the Divine. Read on - it's all here!

 --------------------------------------------------

 From: Cyro Ribeiro, Brazil <cyrocr@abordo.com.br> 
 Subject: SY Exhibition in Brasilia 
 Date: Fri, 5 Nov 1999 08:04:54 -0200 

 Dear Sahaja Yogis, 

 Jay Shri Mataji! 

 The 2nd SY exhibition at University of Brasilia was held from 21/Sep until 04/Oct. There were over 750 visitors and 125 Realizations given. We scheduled the yogis and many could go and receive visitors, explain Sahaja Yoga and give Realizations. This was a fantastic oportunity and we like to let you know how we did it.
 There were several panels, but basically what we did was to translate the themes of our english main homepage combined with some fotographs made from other photos, colour xerox and computer printing of the many fotos we have in all SY books and magazines. 

 We showed:
 -The Biography of Mother, into few important aspects showing Her parents & birth, Ghandi recognition on Her and India independence movement, mariage and the beggining of SY in England, the poem "To My Flower Children" and the award of Petrovskaya Academy.
 -The subtle body and chakras. There are excellent mandalas inside Corel Draw, you just need to correct the colours and you may take off the animals that we didn't see any correspondence, except for the elephant in the Mooladhara.
 -Miraculous photos. There is an excellent collection and explanations how does a film register the Vibrations in a recent red book sold at Canajoharie and of course in Cabella.

 As an innovation, this time we introduced:
 -SY Education, out of a Dharamshala School Magazine. There is a book where Shri Mataji explains in detail Her conception on education.
 -Enlightened Art. This showed several artist that produced enlightened paintins, music, poems, etc., like Mozart, Goethe, Goya, Jung .... There is an ancient SY text where is mentioned all these artists. Help was asked from a yogini who knows art and some photos out of good books of art were made.
 -Also we played music and video - The Vision and some translated public programs Mother did in Brazil.
 -We sold The Advent and Metamodern Era, that we have translated into portuguese.

 We provide a place to meditate with Mother's photo and always keep at least 2 yogis, one for the exibition and another for Realization. We provide every visitor with a small xerox folder with all the addresses we have regular meditation for begginers (8 places in Brasilia, throughout the week). Professional folder with a beautiful Mother's photo we gave only to those who received Realization.

 Auto criticism:
 Although there was a lot of information, it was not clear to the visitor that one has to receive Realization. So we have to talk to people, spending a lot of time and repeating several times the same explanations. This, of course, is a very good oportunity for every yogi test his(her) capability to show Sahaja Yoga in 10 minutes! But, next time we will create new panels showing several parts of the subtle boby and what Mother explain that happens from our birth, the assembling of Kundalini, Her awakening, what and why "Kundalini" and everything else that leads the visitor to the necessity of meditating with us to receive Realization. Big pictures and big letters and not long texts to read. 
 We guess this will save much time and efforts and every visitor will be informed that he(she) has to receive Realization. We think calling this exhibition "An Extraordinary Discovery", as we have in our texts. So first you show this and after you leave the visitor free to meditate or see Biography, Miraculous Photos, etc. 

 Another thing is that exhibition must be placed on a well known place, were everybody go. We choose the library of the university because it's the biggest and silent is required. We tried others small university libraries and the result was not so great for the time and effort spent.

 ------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: barry West, UK <Barry.West@XAAR.CO.UK >
 Date: Thu, 25 Nov 1999 10:27:24 +0000 
 Subject: Public Programmes to be held in Trinidad 

 Dear brothers and sisters, 

 You are cordially invited to the beautiful islands of Trinidad and Tobago 
 for their first Major Public Programmes. A party of yogis will be arriving 
 in Trinidad on Saturday 5th February 2000 and the programmes will run 
 during the following two weeks until 19th February 2000. Those that cannot 
 manage these dates are asked to please still reply as follow up meetings 
 will continue thereafter and accommodation will be provided for. We are 
 hoping to provide accomodation for all yogis, and there is no charge for 
 meals, so please let us know as soon as possible to help us with 
 numbers.Flights can be booked through us, from England they are between 
 ?250.00 and ?300.00. 

 The Island of Trinidad is 65 miles long and 48 miles wide with a population 
 of just over a million. This is made up of approximately 50% East Indians 
 and 50% a mix of Afro Caribbean, Syrian, Chinese and Portuguese 
 descendants. 

 The Island is not a well known holiday resort, but flourishes due to its 
 oil and methane reserves. Making it somewhat of an unspoilt secret! last 
 year it was awarded the World Ecological Award for having the largest 
 concentration of variety of species of birds anywhere in the world. 
 We are in great need of established yogis and musicians, to help spread 
 vibrations in this part of Mother's World. 

 Here, the hummingbird greets you in the morning as it sweeps past Shri 
 Ganesha's hibiscus and some of the most beautiful flowers you have ever 
 seen. 

 So, if you are feeling strong and inspired, place your desire in Mother's 
 hands. 

 If you are unable to join us this time then all bandans from brothers and 
 sisters around the world are welcomed. 

 Jai Shri Mataji - Please e mail Lata Lakhan or Catherine Kelly at 
 tropic_l@hotmail.com



 ------------------------------------------------------------------

 Miracle picture of Dhanvantri

 Dear Brothers And Sisters,

 It was in eighties that in Satara in Maharashtra a very good Italian 
 photographer by the name of Duilio took the photograph of Shree Mataji 
 after the Pooja and the photograph turned out to be miracle picture of 
 Dhanvantri (The God Of Medicine), then Shri Mataji spoke to Duilio about 
 this photograph and said that Satara was the place of Dhanvantri. When I 
 was working in Belapur Vashi Hospital this picture was used in every room 
 and also in OPD for treatment and has been approved by Mother for treatment.

 If you see half the photo one eye is benevolent and other is glaring to 
 destroy the negativities. This subtle expression is very difficult to 
 achieve!!!! Negative of this photograph was destroyed due to rain and it took me 
 almost three month to restore the original photograph as u see now and we pray 
 that we can send digitised copy to all the countries so that they can reproduce as 
 many copy for the benefit for our brothers and sisters.

 love Hasan 

 {Hasan Raza, Italy)


SY News 121200.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Some more news for you to enjoy.

 * Rooms available in LA Ashram
 * Divine Cool Breeze update
 * SY article in Chicago Tribune

 All the best from your brother Mark

 ---------------------------------------------------------

 There is one room now, soon to be two, available in the Los Angeles, USA ashram. The ashram consists of one main house, 3 smaller "guest" houses, on about 2.5 acres including a very nice garden with many roses, lemon, avocado and palm trees, and is surrounded by other large properties and farms. The ashram is in the city of Moorpark which is about 45 minutes north of LA and about 45 minutes from ocean beaches. The LA ashram has many fun-loving and dynamic yogis, and is also the center of much of the SY activities taking place in America. If interested, please contact Matt Malley at: 1-805-523-1959, or email to: paramchi@aol.com

 ----------------------------------------------------------

 Divine Cool Breeze Update

 November 29, 2000
 To: All Country Leaders
 From: The Divine Cool Breeze Committee

 Shri Mataji wants The Divine Cool Breeze to continue to be published in America. It is unique because it is the only international Sahaja Yoga publication dedicated to Shri Mataji—to Her talks, to Her worship and praise, to Her travels and to the many international Sahaja Yoga projects and activities that Shri Mataji cultivates. 

 We want to reassure you that The Divine Cool Breeze will soon resume publication. Money already paid for subscriptions will be advanced towards future issues. With the next issue, a revised expiration date will appear on the mailing label of all subscribers. The new publication schedule will be every two months, for a total of six issues per year.

 We are working toward a new look with a color cover and color pages inside as well. We would like to include many photos in the magazine and encourage people who can send images electronically to do so. Printed photos can also be used. 

 In addition to reports about pujas, Shri Mataji's travels and Sahaja projects, we would like to encourage Sahaja Yogis to contribute their reflections and insights to document our experiences in Sahaja Yoga in this incredibly exciting time. We will renew our efforts with a new team of writers and correspondents in each of the major regions of the world.

 We would request yogis who are writing about or talking about their experiences to each other to make the extra effort to send these observations to The Divine Cool Breeze. We can translate from any language so don't let language be an obstacle. We are also prepared to conduct phone interviews with people who have interesting stories to tell about Sahaja projects of international interest.

 Please send articles and electronic or printed images to Richard Payment at sahajnews@home.com or mail to 8272-141A Street, Surrey, British Columbia, Canada V3W 0V6 or phone/fax to (604) 597-8440. Inquiries about subscriptions should be sent to Anand Joshi, dcb108@aol.com, 4341 East Meadow Drive, Duluth, Georgia 30096; fax (770) 458-1959; phone (770) 458-0033.

 -------------------------------------------------------------

 The following article was originally written by a columnist for the Chicago Tribune in response to a "press party" hosted by the Chicago yogis, but only a part of it was actually published. The amazing thing is that it was put out on the "news wire" and two other newspapers picked up the article and printed the entire thing! One newspaper was the Oregonian in Portland, Oregon, and the other was the San Jose (California) Mercury News. It's pretty amazing how one event was able to multiply itself several times with literally no effort at all. Just imagine what might happen if we *really* went after the media with how Sahaja Yoga has brought such tremendous benefit to all of our lives. Jai Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi!


Published Tuesday, Dec. 5, 2000, in the San Jose Mercury News 
Sahaja yoga offered as a natural route to reduce stress, help balance life
WORKSHOPS MAY BE HELPFUL IN FIGHTING ANXIETY AND DEPRESSION 
BY CONNIE LAUERMAN 

 Balance is the byword of our times. 

 Who doesn't want to remain balanced in the face of the myriad stresses in the world, the workplace and even at home? 

 Volunteers from Sahaja Yoga International, a non-profit organization active in more than 80 countries, believe that they can help through their workshops in stress reduction and meditation. 

 Most modern meditation techniques are derived from Eastern traditions, and Sahaja yoga is no exception. But it differs from insight-oriented meditation, which seeks to raise awareness of what is happening in the body and mind in the present moment, and transcendental meditation, which uses a mantra to focus attention and screen out thoughts. 

 ``The primary difference is that an energy, called kundalini, gets awakened,'' said Steve Wollenberger, who has been using the method for 17 years and is currently coordinator of the Chicago chapter of Sahaja Yoga. ``And you can feel the effects right away. . . . It's something very tangible, so it's not just kind of some vague, nebulous philosophy. It has to do with this whole system we have inside ourselves which governs our inner balance.'' 

 The founder of Sahaja yoga meditation is Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi, an Indian woman born to a scholarly Christian family. As a child, Nirmala Devi lived with her parents on the ashram of Mohandas Gandhi and later was a youth leader in the movement to liberate India from British rule.
  
 Twice nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, she has traveled the world teaching the techniques she developed to trigger the awakening of people's dormant spiritual energy. Classes in stress reduction and meditation are offered in a variety of settings, including schools, prisons, corporations, hospitals, libraries and community centers. 
 One New York City high school introduced Sahaja yoga meditation to students in an effort to show them alternatives to drugs for coping with stress. The National Institutes of Health offers it to patients in its clinics and to staff members. 

 A recent study at a British mental health center showed that of three groups of patients -- one receiving no therapy, another receiving cognitive-behavioral counseling and a third receiving Sahaja yoga meditation classes -- only the Sahaja yoga group reported significant reduction in anxiety and depression. 
 Nirmala Devi, 77, said, ``We don't realize it but we have power within us in the triangular bone (sacrum at the base of the spine). If (that energy) is raised, then it is processed through six centers, which look after physical, mental, emotional and spiritual being. It helps people become balanced. 

 ``Medical science talks about the right and left sympathetic nervous system, the autonomic nervous system. All that is completely understood through the knowledge of Sahaja yoga. You work it out yourself. 

 ``You don't have to study anything. You don't have to talk about anything. You need not have an artificial education. It just works spontaneously. It's a natural process.'' 
 Annie Pedret, an assistant professor at the Illinois Institute of Technology, admitted that initially she was skeptical about Sahaja yoga meditation. 
 But she concluded it was better than therapy in giving her personal insight and allowed her to be more detached. ``Your value isn't put into your success and failure,'' she said. ``You are what you are from the center of your being.'' 

Connie Lauerman writes for the Chicago Tribune. Let us know what you think of her columns on the body, mind and spirit by writing to Health & Family, 750 Ridder Park Drive, San Jose, Calif., 95190 or by e-mail at features@sjmercury.com. 


SY News Update - 2701.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Here is the latest news for you to enjoy.

 * Friday Night Havan at Guru Puja in Cabella
 * News from Switzerland

 All the best from your brother Mark!

 P.S. Lots more news in the approval queue forthcoming.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 News from Sandeep about upcoming Guru Puja in Cabella. There will be a Havan Friday night with Shri Mataji in attendance. Please make plans accordingly.

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 To: "Mark Mays" <sahajnet@sahajayoga.org> 
 Subject: A complementary-health fair in Ticino - the Italian-speaking part of Switzerland 
 Date: Sat, 19 May 2001 21:06:04 +0200 

 Dear all, 

 We have again finished a very joyful collective experience at the yearly complementary health fair in Ticino, Switzerland, giving realisation to many enthusiastic seekers, and receiving also many complements, positive comments, and heartfelt thanks. Doing this work with the collective collaboration of Sahaja yogis from different parts of the country, and from other countries, is certainly a very pleasant and joygiving experience. This is the third year in a row that we have taken part in this fair; the fourth that it has been held. Each year has been very positive, but each one slightly different. 

 The people coming for their realisation ranged from very small (even one or two not yet born) to very old. With a little bit of work practically all of those who stopped, felt at least some cool over their heads and left feeling relaxed and with a beaming smile on their faces. This induces other stand-holders in the vicinity to come and investigate, and in some cases to ask why it is that everyone comes to our stand and not to theirs. In fact it seems quite fair to say that of the something like 180 stands at the fair, the one that is kept the busiest is the Sahaja Yoga stand. Even other stands offering various 'natural' treatments like massages, shiatsu etc. are often empty while the Sahaja Yoga stand is busy. (The only other one I saw with such enthusiastic participation was one evening after dinner time where there were a number of massaging armchairs - it was a quiet moment for spectators and I think there were a lot of tired stand-holders.) 

 Many people return who have come other years, and still feel positive about their experience even if they have not done any more about it since. They usually/often say they can still feel the cool breeze from time to time, or when they meditate at home. Some mothers even bring their children for realisation because they feel so positive about it, even if we haven't seen them since the year before. Children especially need very little to encourage the kundalini to rise, and then they often like to remain for a long time seated in deep and blissful meditation. (Others just like to pass by and take some of the lollies/sweets we put out on the table! Other stand-holders got the idea and followed suit on the second day.) It is also joy-giving to meet the ones who have come back again from the other years with a smile on their faces and stop to give us a friendly greeting and chat. There are also the other stand-holders who come back from past years to get a bit of reinforcement to withstand the rigors of staying four days at the fair. It can be quite tiring, so one needs to work from the centre at all times or you will certainly go down; but on the other hand, when you stay in the centre you feel the vibrations supporting you all the way and the time disappears without your having noticed. 

 This year again we had a stand 4 metres x 6 metres, open on the long side, with one table at the front to carry information sheets, 21 chairs of which all were in use at times though at other times only about 15 were put out; the chairs faced in towards the back wall where this year we had a smiling photo of Shri Mataji about 3 metres square. On one side wall were colourful A3 panels with images and text related to each chakra, and on the other side were A3 panels with information relating to Sahaja Yoga & medical studies, and a few internet home pages and other items of information or paintings showing the kundalini on the heads of saints and angels. With flowers and other small touches the Sahaja stand had something to attract the eye and heart that the other stands seemed to lack. 

 The first year, the people at the follow-up programs seemed more interested in gathering information than in deepening in Sahaja Yoga. The second year some effort was put into preparing wall-displays which emphasised the spiritual basis of both Sahaja Yoga and health, with the qualities of each chakra providing links that united the adi-gurus and their subsequent religions. Although it seemed that few stopped to read what was written, there was a marked change in the people at the follow-ups; the vibrations had attracted much more genuine seekers.

 It is not uncommon to hear people commenting on how they feel attracted to the Sahaja Yoga stand when normally they would be too timid or cautious to enter anything like this. One very satisfied mother with her teenage daughter (after receiving their realisation) confided that she normally has trouble sleeping; she was knowingly advised to take note of how she slept that following night (one of the most common remarks from the newly-realised, of course, being that they had a wonderful night's sleep afterwards, when normally they sleep little). She passed by the next day to say, of course, that she had had a wonderful night's sleep and to express how pleased she was. She said also that the photo of Shri Mataji was just beautiful, that this woman radiates such peace, and it would be lovely to have such a photo at home on her bedroom wall. She said it felt as though Shri Mataji were there present at the fair. A 3-metre-square photo of Shri Mataji certainly didn't seem to be frightening anyone away or provoking any negative comments. 

 Apart from the fun and collective joy of taking part in an event like this, it is also an opportunity to make many small observations and learn from new experiences; you can learn by observing yourself and you can learn by observing the reactions of the new people. It may be helpful to other Sahaja Yogis if I share some of our observations and experiences from the three years that we have had a stand at this fair. 

 People come in waves - maybe one or two at a time, or maybe there will be twenty seated and another five waiting for their turn. It is worth taking part in an event of this kind at least once before taking the final samadhi, as there is usually not a lot of time to explain things to people and we are therefore obliged to extract the essence of our knowledge and express it as briefly and clearly as possible. This forces us to clarify the essential truths in our own minds, draw on our own practical experiences, and to be spontaneous in responding to the needs and questions of the seekers. You will soon get bored with yourself if you try to repeat a pre-established routine too often, and you'll quickly throw it out the window anyway when you realise that each person is different, has different questions and background experiences, and of course different catches on their chakras. 

 Some people need to be guided through the standard kundalini-raising procedure (hand on the heart - Am I the spirit? - etc.) either to clear out their chakras or settle down their attention; with others you will feel as you begin to speak to them that the vibrations are quite fresh and light and not much will be needed to get them to feel the cool breeze. If you feel over their head the kundalini is often already there, and if they don't feel it then just a few moments working on them is usually enough. Sometimes you feel that just one or two affirmations will be enough to clear the passage for the kundalini - like for the heart and the agnya and a request for realisation. As Shri Mataji says, when you know how to raise someone's kundalini you can invent many ways to do it and it becomes a divine play. Sometimes just talking about the qualities of the heart, the agnya, or something you feel is slightly catching is enough; or just expressing your compassion and understanding for someone's difficulties, or sharing their enthusiasm will open their heart
 and result in a rush of vibrations. 
 The Italians have recently shown a video of an experiment involving a non-sahaja doctor and a non-sahaja patient. The doctor uses a machine to test the meridians in the girl's hands, which show a result on a computer screen for each meridian tested and by which the doctor can diagnose problems in the internal organs, and even detect and identify colonies of bacteria or viruses in various parts of the body. After the first diagnosis of the patient is completed, showing imbalances of energy in almost all cases and indicating months of special diet and treatment, the girl is given a photo of Shri Mataji to hold. Surprise, all levels return to normal - not with any ordinary piece of paper but only with a photo of Shri Mataji. With no photo, all the imbalances return. After having realisation, it is found that the energy levels remain normal even without holding the photo. The doctor of course has not seen anything like it before, but has full faith in his machine and his knowledge of it's use. 

 This suggests using Shri Mataji's photo in a similar way when people are having difficulties feeling the cool breeze or when they have a lot of heat that is difficult to clear. This was tried at the fair and found very effective. Again, it is not always possible to spend a lot of time working on people - either because others are waiting, because you are obliged to work on more than one person at the same time, or because people can't always stay too long anyway. It is shown clearly in the Italian video that there is a tremendous difference in a non-realised person when they hold Shri Mataji's photo and when they don't, and we found that it helps to clear them out much faster. At times it is more or less enough just to put a small photo in their left hand and ask them to feel again over their heads, with their right. 

 At times people report that their hands are hot or they can't feel the breeze, when their head is blowing cool and their agnya and vishuddhi are both clear. One person had a photo of Shri Mataji on the palm of her left hand, cool blowing out of her sahasrara, and yet said she felt hot in the centre of her hand even beneath the photograph. Checking her vibrations, it was found that she wasn't feeling the heat in the centre of her hand as she imprecisely stated, but the heat came from her void which masked out the vibrations in the sahasrara centre of her hand. After a moment clearing her void, she felt the cool breeze. This seems to be a fairly common experience. 
 Since standing on your feet for hours working on people's chakras can be tiring work, it is occasionally a useful thing even for Sahaja yogis to hold a photo of Shri Mataji in their left hand while they work on somebody if they are feeling a bit tired. If there are people waiting for their realisation you can't just walk away and leave them (unless you really feel seriously vibrationally drained). 

 I'm sure the wave effect of the seekers that stop for their realisation is not always governed just by chance. It seems as though Our Mother in her compassion and understanding gives us a break when she notices we are getting a bit low on energy, and if this is the case it would seem unwise not to take the opportunity she offers us. These are the moments when it is both useful and advisable for the yogis to exchange vibrations amongst themselves; it is certainly much more rewarding than just sitting feeling tired. It is another way to enjoy the collective collaboration of those present, and also pleasantly encouraging to work on someone who clears out quickly and continues to emit the forceful vibrations that Shri Mataji's attention is pouring down on those working at the stand. 

 What usually happens at this point is that people begin to pass by again, see you working making strange gestures with your hands, and stop to observe what's happening. When you're back in condition and ready to go again, there's a small crowd of new seekers all waiting for their turn to be worked on, and so the cycle goes on. If the passersby see just a bunch of tired looking yogis sitting unenthusiastically in chairs... they keep walking. 

 There is another aspect of 'void' that is worth a mention. It will be noticed when holding programs in rooms that have artificial flooring - linoleum, plastic, or imitation wood for example - that people complain of heat in their legs, due to being unable to discharge the negativity through their feet. It is worse the more they have been involved in other things and got their void caught up. It's usually not a problem where there is a stone floor. At times the effect will be so strong that they will complain of nausea or dizziness and even need to lie down for a few minutes. It usually passes and may come after some disturbance in the void/nabhi region during the previous days. These are my observations of this phenomenon, but if someone wants to correct me or add other information I would be happy to hear from them. It can be a little unsettling both for yogis and new people when it happens if you are not prepared for it. 

 At the fair one elderly lady stood up to test the sahasrara of her husband, then after a few moments had a dizzy spell. She was not disturbed by the happening, but said that as she watched my hand circle her husbands head she felt as though she was/or something was being lifted up like in a vortex (a tornado). Her void was still rather hot and she said she'd had an operation in that area just a few/couple of days earlier. On the wall was a picture of a ship on a stormy 'void' ocean; she said 'yes, it was like that'. I think it gave her husband more of a fright than it did her, and she was soon o.k. and smiling again. 

 A visiting yogi suggested sprinkling or spraying water on a carpeted floor to help overcome the insulating effect it may have. 
 We have begun a series of follow-up programmes with about eighteen people in Lugano, and another five at Bellinzona. 
 Thanks again to all those who came and helped us have such an enjoyable time. 

 Bryce, Franca & all the other Sahaja yogis of Ticino, Switzerland. 

 P.S. We sold some photos of Shri Mataji at the second follow-up meeting, and someone commented good-naturedly 'Haven't you got any of her not smiling - it's beautiful but it's kind of distracting if you're trying to meditate'. They took the serious one of Shri Mataji looking strongly straight out which is quite popular among Sahaja yogis. 


SY News Update - 17100.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Here is the latest news for everyone to enjoy. Also, some corrections below to a previous email I sent regarding country email representatives.

 Romania - Dan Costian, Bucharest: dcostian@dnt.ro
 Italy - Alessandro Giannotti, Trieste: alessandro.giannotti@bigfoot.com 

 * Report on medical clinic in Belapur
 * News from New Zealand

 Kind Regards,

 Mark

 -------------------------------------------------------


 Date: Mon, 29 Nov 1999 11:23:58 +0100 
 Subject: an Article on Belapur clinic  
 From: "Kingsley Flint" <flintfam@mobilixnet.dk> 

 Dear brothers and sisters, 

 You have already received by e-mail a few accounts about the Sahaja Yoga 
 International Research and Health Center in Belapur (Washi), Bombay. 
 The purpose of this message is not to repeat what others have already 
 written, but to give a complementary vision of things, so that what you 
 feel or imagine about the Center becomes more and more comprehensive.
 Olivier went to Belapur because he wanted to get rid of a physical illness 
 which plagued him since about seven years and obliged him to take medication 
 since five years. The constant pain for so long had inevitably had an 
 influence on his daily life and well-being. 

 Ruth went to Belapur because she wanted to clear up an emotional mess in the 
 left side coming from her childhood and youth, which surfaced strongly and 
 was becoming an obstacle for her growth and daily life. Since her 
 beginnings in S Y she had felt a permanent catch on left swadhistan and 
 problems in her center heart.

 Below are a few things which they observed and heard in Belapur and which 
 they want to share with you.
 - Though the patients do not speak about their motives for going to 
 Belapur, it is obvious that some go for physical illnesses and others for 
 psychological reasons. Professor Rai and his team treat both types of 
 patients without any difference, as all boils down to the state of the 
 chakras and the vibrations of each patient. Upon arrival, those who wish can 
 speak in private to Professor Rai and explain why they wanted to come to 
 Belapur. 
 - It is very touching the way Prof.Rai, the doctors and the staff are full 
 of compassion for their guests/patients. The patients¹ first feeling in the 
 Center is that of a little child being taken care of by all the infinite 
 love and compassion of Shri Mataji. All the little details of the Center and 
 its functioning are full of attention and love. The resulting feeling of 
 security very much relaxes the patient. 
 - Every morning, Prof. Rai and his team go to every room, check the 
 vibrations of each patient, and the treatment FOR THE DAY is decided. It 
 might change every day or even twice a day, DEPENDING on the way the 
 patient, or rather his vibrations, react to the treatment. 
 - For instance camphoring is used exclusively when there are serious 
 problems only on the left side. If the liver is delicate, camphoring might 
 have to be counterbalanced by the use of ice on the liver, a few hours 
 later, to avoid nauseas or other liverish reactions. Camphoring is not done 
 after meals. During camphoring, the patient has to put the right hand 
 pointing towards the earth. So one day a patient can have a camphor 
 treatment twice a day, and none the next day, because of a right side 
 reaction, and then again the third day. The candle treatment is used when 
 there are also right side catches. 
 - The center heart chakra receives great emphasis in Belapur. Many catches 
 seem to be linked with center heart. Many patient have to say mantras to 
 Shri Jagadamba or Ma Jagadamba, both during the treatment and also as 
 "homework" in between treatments. Often, the doctors finish the treatment 
 by raising the kundalini of the patient while the latter has to say slowly 
 Ma Jagadamba. A doctor said in this respect that once Shri Mataji's Love can 
 circulate through the center heart, then all can get settled (the talk at 
 Navaratri puja in 1994 says a lot on the center heart). 
 - The patients are not supposed to work on themselves with candles while in 
 Belapur. The three candle treatment is used in different ways, or with 
 different emphasis according to the catches of the patient each day. 
 - Shoe beating should be done, says Prof. Rai, at dawn and dusk 
 (independently of the weather and cloudy skies) when the sun rays are not 
 yet here or have already gone, for maximum efficiency. Newspapers indicate 
 daily the hours of sunrise and sunset. 
 - Professor Rai does not use music during the meditations, because he says 
 that yogis tend to listen with their ears, which retains the kundalini at 
 the agnya, instead of listening with the sahasrara. 
 - "Homework" for the patients does not consist in repeating mantras the 
 whole day. Time is nicely balanced between sleeping, resting, meditation, 
 treatments, eating meals in full peace while socialising if one so wishes, 
 "homework" (foot soaking, shoe beating, "Allah Uh Akbar" always right after 
 shoebeating, and specifics for each patient) and singing, if one so wishes. 
 - A stay in Belapur is full of events; you can feel one day wonderfully 
 well, the next day in a dreadful state, and so on, but basically even when 
 you feel bad you feel you are progressing, so after a few days you do not 
 mind it any more. You know that this is part of the clearing and of the 
 healing process, be it at the physical, psychological or spiritual level. 
 Outside all is a routine, so your attention is not distracted, inside it is 
 an action movie with few moments of respite! It can manifest in physical 
 pain, dreams, violent emotions, surging of ego, crying and sobbing, 
 nervousness without apparent cause, tensions; alternating with moments of 
 great joy and peace when you feel you have reached the peak, only to fall 
 again, but each time less far below ! 
 - The medical team does not enter into grand theories or explanations: it is 
 back to basics, which sometimes might be a bit difficult to accept at the 
 beginning of one's stay in Belapur, but which becomes obvious after a few 
 days. They mainly encourage us to function in simple affirmations: I am the 
 Spirit, I am not guilty, I forgive and ask for forgiveness, I am secure, I 
 know nothing; Mother, You know everything, You are my security, You are my 
 mother and my father, You are the Doer, and so on (at pages 32-33 of the 
 mantra book, Shri Mataji gives advice at Chelsham Road on October 1980, 
 which touches on the importance of prayer on those simple issues). 
 - Whether one goes to Belapur for a physical reason or something else, all 
 seem to converge after a few days towards the essence: I am the Spirit, I am 
 leaving all my burdens, pains, worries or fears, resentments, to Your Lotus 
 Feet, I am neither this body, not this mind, nor this ego, nor this 
 superego. 
 - We know all the affirmations and treatments used in the Center since our 
 beginnings in Sahaja Yoga, but there they seem to reach a much deeper 
 intensity, and to cover a new reality. For instance, Ruth thought she had 
 no problem in forgiveness since a long time, and discovered there that she 
 had actually not forgiven her sister during thirty-one years! In order to 
 progress in Belapur, she could not escape the fact that this time she really 
 had to forgive. After it was done, she felt as if a stone had left her: she 
 had surrendered her problem with her sister. 
 - The slow progression of the attention towards the inside, towards the 
 sahasrara, towards Mother, is an impressive process which happens nearly 
 independently from us. Progressively the attention purifies, clears up, 
 sharpens, and we just witness it. We start feeling it going to the 
 Sahasrara, we feel the Sahasrara opening more often, more clearly, and this 
 feeling just encourages us to desire to go deeper, more inside, to get rid 
 of all unnecessary distractions to go to the essence, to Mother. 
 - The perception of being the Spirit starts coming more frequently or more 
 clearly, at some point it is no more just an axiom one has heard in Sahaj 
 Yoga, it becomes reality, then it disappears again. And the feeling of 
 closeness to Mother intensifies also, the Faith that if one surrenders to 
 Her the rest will just follow. All the problems, the reasons why one goes to 
 Belapur, become secondary. The meditations, the moments of incredible 
 closeness to Mother, this is what counts more every day. All the techniques 
 are very important and effective, but the most powerful of all techniques is 
 when one can feel Shri Mataji in one¹s heart. When one reaches that state, 
 then one can feel Shri Mataji¹s love in and around oneself. In that state of 
 huge joy it is possible to really work things out, since the spirit and 
 subtle system become one with Shri Mataji. This is yoga; the union with God. 
 Moreover, in that state one begins to understand and to feel who Shri Mataji 
 is, and who the Deities are. Only then does one start to understand and feel 
 in the heart this divine dimension of love and compassion, and consequently 
 one can surrender fully. 
 - For the ones among us who are or have been lucky enough to see Shri Mataji 
 regularly, or maybe even receive some personal attention from Her, it is 
 perhaps more difficult to feel the closeness to Her inside. It somehow 
 requires a greater desire, and in Belapur the ego also tries to have its way 
 in dissuading one to feel Her inside, because, it tries to say, we have so 
 many opportunities of seeing Her 'outside'! 
 - Observing how the kundalini can shoot up to the Sahasrara in the last 
 days at the Center and after we come back, we understand that the kundalini 
 only wants to rise and to remain in our Sahasrara, but it cannot, because we 
 do not keep our subtle system clear or hollow enough. 
 - It would seem impossible to accomplish the process happening at the Center 
 anywhere else. The Vibrations, Mother's Attention, sharpen the doctors' 
 attention, so that their hands act like laser beams. Without them touching 
 us, we feel our chakras moving, turning, clearing, in a nearly systematic 
 way, independently of who is the treating doctor. A wide experience is also 
 needed to know how and when to use the different treatments, as their effect 
 there and in those particular conditions is much sharper than in normal 
 circumstances. Above all, the Attention of Shri Mataji is specially 
 focussed there, Paramchaitanya acts there constantly and we can nearly see 
 Her action from moment to moment. 
 - Vibrations are particularly strong in Belapur- Prof. Rai says that when he 
 goes to Delhi he feels them much less. He has had remarkable successes with 
 the sahaj treatments. Recently he treated a man nearly on his death bed, 
 after vibrations had signaled him that he could take him in Belapur, and 
 after 48 hours that man was feeling better, could move by himself and regain 
 awareness. There was also a case of sterility, where hope had been 
 abandoned, and some months after a 10 day treatment at the Center, a 
 pregnancy started. Success stories are numerous. 
 - There might come a moment when centers like Belapur will function like 
 spas, where yogis will want to go at regular intervals to put themselves 
 back into shape, both on a physical level as they start aging but mainly on 
 a vibratory and spiritual level, to remind themselves of the purpose of 
 their lives and to feel Mother in a way they cannot reach in their busy 
 daily lives. The temptation of caring only for our wellbeing and forgetting 
 about working for Sahaja Yoga could be there, but we know that we want to be 
 well in order to help more efficiently to build Sahaja Yoga, and to show by 
 our radiance the existence of our Mother and the strength of Sahaja Yoga to 
 the outer world. 
 - Finally, it is obvious that we know who Shri Mataji is, since we have felt 
 Her infinite being and love in our hearts. However, the experience in the 
 Center is not only much deeper and stronger than what we had ever felt 
 before, but it is also of a greater duration in time. The resulting joy and 
 recognition sets a new "standard" to reach. Months after Belapur, we still 
 remember that divine state and strive to reach it. The desire to be always 
 in that state now has strong roots in our hearts. Sometimes we do reach that 
 state, and we feel so grateful to Mother that we can attain Her. 

 We thank with all our heart the whole team in Belapur and their dedication 
 and love toward their brothers and sisters from all over the world. 

 We thank with all our heart Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi for having created such 
 a Center for her children! 

 Jai Shri Mataji! 

 -------------------------------------------------------------





Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Sahaja Yogis

Greetings  from New Zealand!

 We would like to share with you our joyful experiences. Last weekend (16-17 October) local Sahaja Yogis went to New Plymouth to take part in a conference organised by Holistic Nurses of New Zealand. The conference took place in neighbourhood of the mountain Taranaki, believed by the locals as a source of spiritual energy. Our Sahaja brother from Australia, Dr. Ramesh Manocha, was a keynote speaker there presenting "Sahaja Yoga Meditation for Asthma Sufferers".  Dr. Manocha was invited to this event already last year when a similar conference was organised in Sydney.

 The event took place in a "marae" - a Maori gathering place. Because of the traditional character of the place we were welcomed by the elder members of Maori tribe with a "hongi"  (greeting by touching with foreheads and noses). The greeting was followed by a speech from an elder Maori. He wanted to express the feelings of his society and told us about his ancestors and about the tree that symbolised the life of the Maoris which was cut by the white people. He was very emotional and tears were falling from his eyes.  His speech was followed by a greeting song from which we felt immense vibrations.

 After his address, our leader, Mr.Geoff Platford, expressed thanks and respect to the Maori speaker and we took the opportunity of being allowed to sing a song for the hosts. We all stood up and with great pride in our hearts sang Our Mother's Three Great Mantras.

 That was really moving opportunity to be able to sing it in the Maori worship place. And this was just a beginning of new era ....

 Sahaja Yoga presentation started in the early afternoon. Dr. Manocha explained the influence of Sahaja Meditation on health using scientific research methods. People were very interested in the topic and they asked all kinds of questions related to meditation and health. Afterwards Dr. Manocha moved to the metaphysical experience of Self Realisation and about 150 people got their second birth. Since that time peoples' hearts started opening and we all enjoyed the small workshop groups trying to feel more and more vibrations. After the workshop we shared a Maori style meal together and all Sahaja Yogis went back to motel enjoying the happenings of whole day. That evening, we strengthened our vibrations by offering puja in the Lotus Feet of our beloved Mother.

 Next day Dr. Manocha started the workshops with meditation followed by working in small groups. The atmosphere was very informal and friendly. Unusual glow was showing on their faces. One Maori lady was positive that this experience is what she has been waiting for long time. There was a clear interest in the subject and Sahaja Yogis were further invited to come again to this place.

 After the conference all the participants sat down together to share their personal reflections about the event. Relating to this nice weekend people were telling about great "generosity of spirit" which they felt. One lady quoted a citation which she found beautifully reflecting this time: "Be still and listen, God speaks to the silence of your heart".

The same Maori person who gave speech in the beginning was so moved that he wanted to express his pure feelings to us by singing a piece of well known song "I just call to say I love you". This time he was looking very happy and joyous - no more sadness, no more tears.

 Our hearts were filled with great joy seeing how these people are correctly reading the Divine message of vibrations. Mr.Geoff Platford (our leader) then summarised the event relating to the tree in which Maori people believe as a symbol, that now they got the seed of this tree which is sprouted and a great potential is there in them by which they can manifest themselves and become the symbolic tree of their heritage.

 The atmosphere was really great and one felt that speaking of  unity and brotherhood between people of all origins is not empty words anymore. In fact, thanks to Our Mother's love and compassion, we all speak in one universal language - the language of vibrations and love which comes from the heart. Participating in this event, many of us felt that it was a good sign, and that the vision of Shri Mataji, of all people getting what is theirs, is being fulfilled by the great act of the Divine Power itself in such a beautiful manner.

 We all were happy to be there to witness these moving moments and that was perhaps our best reward. We enjoyed greatly the time spent together. As a pure expression of hosts' gratitude  Mrs. and Mr. Manocha received flowers and hand-made gifts. All Sahaja Yogis also received hand painted Maori souvenirs. (On a personal note, I mentioned about this event to a local Kiwi lady who has just received realisation here in Palmerston North, and she told that Maori people do not share gifts just like that. You must have given them something really great which they must have felt by heart!)

 Summarising, the whole weekend was a beautiful experience for all of us. Everything seems like arranged by Param Chaitanya in one meaningful picture: all what happened, all symbols, songs, poems and the place itself. Even the logo of the Holistic Nurses, about what they don't know, pictures part of Sahaja reality. As they describe it "the logo represents the caring focus of nursing, the flow of energy, healing and growth".

 They do not realise how much it is true. It was later found that, in fact, Maoris have their own word for describing this benevolent  energy - vibrations, which is "ngatari".

 Every moment was directed: we have seen the change in people - from tears to joy, from suspicion to trust, from division to unity in spirit. We wish ourselves more such spontaneous events where people could desire the Truth and join us at the Lotus Feet of Our Divine Mother.

 With love,

Dorota Mularczyk
On behalf of New Zealand collective


SY News Update - 28801.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Just to let you know that all your internet connections are probably working just fine, it's just that I have been tying up some loose ends in my personal life the last six weeks since Shri Krishna Puja and that's why you haven't received anything lately. I never received any other reports from Shri Krishna Puja so I have included one below.

 Also, there have been lots of inquiries regarding the dates for Shri Ganesha Puja, which are set for September 21-23. It's also my understanding that Diwali in Los Angeles will be Nov 16-18.

 Please enjoy the news:
 * Albany, NY Public Program
 * Shri Krishna Puja Recollections
 * Washington D.C. Public Program

 Much love and all the best from your brother Mark!

 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Last night we drove to Albany, state capital of New York City, to be at Shri Mataji's public program. It was very well organized, and took place in a large complex in the city center. Posters announced Her as Savior of the World.

 A bhajan group, ably compered and led by Herbert Reninger, set the mood for the evening and an introductory talk from Andrea Cousins, full of subtlety, nuance, compassion, humor and vibrations, set the scene for the arrival of Shri Mataji. Andrea introduced Shri Mataji and read out a number of proclamations, from Governor Pataki of New York State, from a number of prominent political officers of the State, and the mayor of Hudson, a nearby town who was present, read out his own proclamation. Friday, August 3rd 2001, was proclaimed Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi Day in the City of Albany and Saturday, August 4th 2001, the same in the town of Hudson, New York. The proclamations all recognized the tremendous humanitarian work that Shri Mataji had selflessly given to the world over 30 years, and the changes she has brought about.

 Mother's talk was brief and simple, although different in a number of key ways. She spoke about the 6 things that stop people feeling the cool breeze, anger, distrust, jealousy, attachment, possessiveness and lack of forgiveness. She gave self-realization by asking people to hold out their hands towards her and that was it. She asked them to forgive and to not feel guilty, and the vast majority of people felt the cool breeze.

 Shri Mataji said it was the first time she had ever given Self-Realization without asking people to take off their shoes.

 Alan Wherry

 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Shri Krishan Puja Recollections

 Outside of some very hardworking carpenters remodeling the stage, and putting finishing touches on Mother's new house at Canajoharie, this year's Shri Krishna Puja was much more relaxed than the previous two years of "Mission Impossible" tasks (assembling the hangar in 6 1/2 days and last year's mud fest). What a treat to see hosts doing the normal puja preparation jobs in typical sahaj fashion - lots of smiles and great collectivity. It really felt like playing in Mother's garden - with 800-1,000 of your siblings! 

 Shri Mataji's new house - a modest 4 bedroom home - is maybe 100 meters from the road on it's own winding driveway. The front of the house is nicely landscaped with local varieties of trees and shrubs. The hosting laxmies, lead by the S. Americans, did an outstanding job of furnishing and decorating the interior. Shri Mataji and Sir CP were able to accomodate members of their family there, and were only a short drive away from the evenings events at the hangar.

 Some nice amenities have been added to the camp including lights and running water in the bathhouse, a new play area with swings and slides for the children, a courtyard next to the kitchen for serving and eating the food, including benches for sitting; picnic tables next to the Cappicino Bar which also served sodas, snacks and root beer floats! Plus straw was placed under the canvas tarps on the floor in the hangar for some unfamiliar comfort. This year at Canajoharie was soooo different!

 Friday night's events included: two young classical Indian dancers from Seattle; the young virtuoso classical pianist many of you may have seen before, an opera singer, a play from the New York collective that parodies some of the *really* unusual people in NY that come to the programs, but somehow usually wind up getting their self-realization albeit sometimes in funny ways, an amazing composition sung by Mary Yelesin with lyrics about several SY miracles (hope this one makes the next IPO CD) a few acts I have unfortunately forgotten, and ended with a sitar and tabla performance by Indian musicians whose names are escaping me now.

 I only saw the first and last event on Saturday as I was helping out in the kitchen, but the first event, a Neil Simon play called "Witness"(?), was basically the story of the biblical Job, played by the LA collective. The acting was absolutely world class with stellar performances by the entire cast and received a lengthy standing ovation. There were many other standing ovations later that night that I could hear from the kitchen, but can't report much about other than I heard the Brazilian dancers were outstanding, and a group of vocalists/musicians including Matt Malley, Steve Day, Christian Stumbo,Yeshoda from France (and ?) that was well received, plus many more acts that everyone thoroughly enjoyed. It's nice to see the level of entertainment continue rising to higher levels which I'm sure pleases the Divine that much more. While Shri Mataji didn't talk after the programs as She does sometimes, She seemed very happy and pleased, which of course means a fountain of vibrations for all that are present!

 I'm quite embarrased to say that memories of the puja talk have pretty much disappeared from my memory banks. I remember discussing aspects of the talk afterwards with several yogis, and thinking that would help it stick to my brain, but I think my brain has turned into teflon. :-)  While waiting for Shri Mataji's arrival, Yeshoda sang the 108 names of Shri Krishna which was really quite powerful and meditative. The backdrop was also quite an amazing work of art - one of the best I have seen. All I really remember from the puja itself was how beautiful Shri Mataji looked, how the vibrations flow so strong doing Her puja, and how clear and joyful and playful I felt afterwards. Thank you Shri Mataji again and again and again...

 The yuva shakti were in charge of preparing the marriages this year. They also helped out a lot with transportation, greeting the newcomers, overseeing the self-serve dishwashing area and who knows what else. We have quite a few N. & S. American yuva shaktis now and they are absolutely amazing and really maturing. They make me feel a whole lot better about getting older in Sahaja Yoga! But yes the marriages. There were only 14 couples this year, but the ceremony went very well (there was a little pre-marriage orientation for the couples this year) and of course the vibrations are flowing so much and everyone is soooo happy! Shri Mataji left fairly soon after the couples recited their couplets and had their wedding meal. And course there was dandia dancing with the commerative sticks afterwards that included some incredibly lively bhajans sung by a choir that almost out-numbered the dancers.

 My apologies for the lack of details, but suffice to say, we are so honored and so fortunate to attend these puja weekends and I hope you all have the opportunity to attend as many as you can in your lifetime!

 !!!JAI SHRI MATAJI!!!

 Mark Mays
 USA 

 ------------------------------------------------------------------

 Washington D.C. Public Program

 Fom what I understand, Mother's talk and the introduction by Andrea were very similar to the Albany program. There were a few hundred up close to Shri Mataji and many more way in the back. Someone later relayed that Shri said that 2,500 people actually got their realization that day!

SY News Update - 41101.htm
 
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 The lastest news from sahajnet...

 * New leader for Cyprus
 * Urgent request from Romania
 * News from Hong Kong
 * Request for sahaj students or philosophy teachers

 All the best,

 Mark

 ---------------------------------------------------------------

 From: "Theodore Efstathiou" <erichton@otenet.gr>
 Subject: RE:APOINTMENT OF LEADER FOR CYPRUS
 Date: Sun, 28 Oct 2001 21:25:30 +0200

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Sahaja Yogis,

 During Her stay in Athens our Holy Mother appointed Mrs Ina Agelidou as leader for Cyprus. Mrs. Agelidou, for the past six years has been promoting Sahaja Yoga in Cyprus. She now has a steady collective of about 35 yogis and yoginis. Seekers are coming rapidly to her collective.

 Love,

 Theodore Efstathiou
 Leader Greek Collective

 ------------------------------------------------------------------

 Date: Wed, 31 Oct 2001 00:57:41 -0800 (PST)
 From: Razvan Georgescu <razvan108@yahoo.com>
 Subject: Urgent request

 Dear brothers and sister from all over the world,

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 We are currently working for the Romanian version of Gregoire de
 Kalbermatten's 'Advent'. We are urgently in need of the following pages
 from the English edition:

 * 306-307,
 * 412-413,
 * 420 till last page.

 We accept xerox copies sent to the following address:

 Mihaela Balasescu
 Aleea Campul cu flori 12
 Bl.A49/40, Sector 6
 Bucharest 774081
 Romania

 or scanned pages in electronic files (pdf, jpg, gif - any!!!) to the
 following e-mail addresses (use all of them for more efficiency):

 razvan_georgescu@systemplus.ro
 razvan108@yahoo.com
 c.radu@ise.ro

 Thank you very much in advance,

 Razvan Georgescu from Romania

 -------------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: "Alex Henshaw" <smtech@hkstar.com>
 Subject: HK News
 Date: Tue, 30 Oct 2001 23:32:20 +0800

 Music & Meditation – A journey of the Spirit

 On Saturday October 27 the Sahaja Yogis in Hong Kong held a public program at the new Central Library Lecture Theatre entitled “Music & Meditation – A journey of the Spirit”. Over 230 people attended the program and every person attending received their self- realisation. The majority of the people were local Chinese with a few Indians and Westerners who had responded to our publicity campaign that included posters’, handbills and advertisements in local papers and a magazine. The poster campaign seemed to be the most successful way of promoting the program. We used the same photo of Shri Mataji that was used at this years Royal Albert Hall program. It is a very powerful image of Shri Mataji and we all felt it would attract the true seekers.

 The program featured bajhans performed by our HK bajhan group which is a real multicultural group with Chinese, Indian, Russian, Australian and New Zealander members. After the music we had an introductory lecture followed by self-realisation and a tape of Shri Mataji. To conclude the program we had more bajhans and a very powerful meditation. The vibrations were very strong and the majority of people felt the cool breeze. The music was a very good way to get people to relax and participate in the program. Initially people were very cold but after the first bajhan Ganesha Ganesha that featured a digeridoo accompaniment, they began to melt. The heart started to open and people started to relax with every bajhan we played. Hong Kong is a very busy and intense city so the people have a very case hardened exterior. It is often difficult for them to relax and experience something very subtle. The music succeeded in getting through to them and by the time we sang Jogowa the vibrat!
 ions were flowing nicely and they were ready for their realisation. While the music was played we projected images of nature with Shri Mataji’s quotes in Chinese & English. During the realisation process we had a beautiful picture of Shri Mataji projected on a very large theatre screen. With such a powerful image the audience became totally silent for their realisation. The vibrations at this stage were blasting and I felt that every body’s Shasrara had opened. Peoples’ faces were shining and everyone remained silent until somebody’s mobile went off! That’s Hong Kong for you. Luckily most of the audience were to deep in meditation to notice and besides most have become immune to such noises.

 We received very positive comments back from the audience and they even requested recordings of our bajhans. The follow up program was held on Monday evening and it was completely packed with over 40 people attending, some coming for the first time as they couldn’t attend the Saturday night program. Lets pray that we can establish a lot of seekers in Sahaja Yoga form this group.

 Jai Shri Mataji

 Alex

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: "Alexandra Dumitrescu" <FPHDUA01@phd.ceu.hu>
 Subject: freshman student looking for Sahaj students or teachers of philosophy

 Jay Shri Mataji !

 My name is Alexandra Dumitrescu and I am a student at Central European University in Budapest.

 Because I sometimes find it hard to cope with the rather difficult task of writing philosophical essay in a Sahaj key, I would be happy to contact Sahaja Yoghis who have previously tried to do the same. I wonder if there are any Philosophy teachers or students among the Sahaj collectivity. If anybody is willing to share his or her experience in this domain, i would be very glad and grateful. Thank you very much. I wish you all the best.

 Love,

 Alexandra
 

SY News Update - 251001.htm
Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 The latest news.__substg1.0_3002001E*ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿœ__substg1.0_3003001E*"&


 * Urgent request for testimonials
 * Diwali Puja in Trinidad
 * Navaratri Puja

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 Mark

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

 *** Jai Shri Mataji *** 

 We are finishing up the book called Testimonials of Enlightenment which chronicles how Sahaja Yogis came to get their self-realization and what convinced them about SY. We have so far 80 stories and would like to have many many more to make a respectable-sized book. We will be presenting this book to Shri Mataji at Diwali puja which is about three weeks away, so this is a heart-felt plea to all the yogis of the world-please send us your stories. Many people feel that their story is not particularly good-maybe they didn't have such a tremendous first experience, maybe it took months to convince them, but these stories are very good for us because most people who get their self-realization will not have an earth-shaking experience the first time and they will see themselves in our stories. So please don't count yourself out, doesn't matter if you are a new yogi or old, just take 20 minutes now and write your story as you would tell it to a yogi you've met for the first time. These stories are so great, the person who reads this book will need to wear a sweater and thick socks to stay warm because you get chills with each one. Each one is a miracle of the Divine Mother calling her lost child back to Her. I think in 6 months Americans are going to be fed up with the churches to where they have flocked since 9/11 and will be looking outside mainstream religion for real answers, let's give them the reality which we have been enjoying so much. I hope this book can be a tool to bring Americans to Sahaja Yoga, but it really is a collective project and we need every country in SY to be represented. 

 Please send your stories of how you got your Self-Realization and what convinced you to sydallas@applink.net 
 we can translate French, German, Italian, Romanian, Russian, Spanish and Hindi and Marathi but if you can write in English it is preferred. 

 Thank you so much, 

 Barbara Costian

 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------


SY News Update - 271001.htm
Note from Mark: Apparently everyone received a "draft" version of this email that was incomplete. It was missing the message below about Trinidad and another about Navaratri that is still being edited. What is really strange is that the draft message is *nowhere* to be found in my Outbox, Trash bin, or anywhere else for that matter. Only the one below shows as being sent, which apparently no one received. Technically speaking, this is impossible, and yet it happened. I think my computer needs a matka treatment!

 Much love from your brother Mark

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 The latest news...

 * Urgent request for testimonials
 * Diwali Puja in Trinidad

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 Mark

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

 *** Jai Shri Mataji *** 

 We are finishing up the book called Testimonials of Enlightenment which chronicles how Sahaja Yogis came to get their self-realization and what convinced them about SY. We have so far 80 stories and would like to have many many more to make a respectable-sized book. We will be presenting this book to Shri Mataji at Diwali puja which is about three weeks away, so this is a heart-felt plea to all the yogis of the world-please send us your stories. Many people feel that their story is not particularly good-maybe they didn't have such a tremendous first experience, maybe it took months to convince them, but these stories are very good for us because most people who get their self-realization will not have an earth-shaking experience the first time and they will see themselves in our stories. So please don't count yourself out, doesn't matter if you are a new yogi or old, just take 20 minutes now and write your story as you would tell it to a yogi you've met for the first time. These stories are so great, the person who reads this book will need to wear a sweater and thick socks to stay warm because you get chills with each one. Each one is a miracle of the Divine Mother calling her lost child back to Her. I think in 6 months Americans are going to be fed up with the churches to where they have flocked since 9/11 and will be looking outside mainstream religion for real answers, let's give them the reality which we have been enjoying so much. I hope this book can be a tool to bring Americans to Sahaja Yoga, but it really is a collective project and we need every country in SY to be represented. 

 Please send your stories of how you got your Self-Realization and what convinced you to sydallas@applink.net 
 we can translate French, German, Italian, Romanian, Russian, Spanish and Hindi and Marathi but if you can write in English it is preferred. 

 Thank you so much, 

 Barbara Costian

 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: "janet bowen" <janetbowen@hotmail.com> 
 Subject: TRINIDAD NEEDS YOU! Please broadcast 
 Date: Tue, 23 Oct 2001 13:09:13 

 Trinidad Needs You!

 The beautiful island of Trinidad in the heart of the Caribbean has a big 
 festival every year to celebrate Diwali. About 50% of the population of 
 Trinidad are of Indian descent and as such there is a very strong Hindu 
 culture. The people are very spiritual and easy to understand Sahaj.
 This year the Diwali festival in Trinidad will take place during week of 
 6-13 November.

 There is a special site in the centre of the island called the “NAGAR” where 
 the festival is held every year. Last year the Sahaja Yoguis of Trinidad 
 had a big stand at the Nagar displaying a huge picture of Shri Mataji. 
 Although we were amongst so many other stands, the Sahaja Yoga stand soon 
 became the centre of attraction with hundreds queuing up to get realisation. 
 So many of them recognised Mother instantaneously and fell to the ground. 
 It was amazing. There were only a handful of yoguis in Trinidad at that 
 time but we estimate that realisation was given to at least 1000 people over 
 the course of the week! It was so fantastic and rewarding beyond 
 imagination, though at the end of the week we were all on our knees, 
 literally, from standing up for so long!

 This year we have booked the stand again and expect a similar and even 
 better response. But WE NEED YOUR HELP. Although we have grown in number 
 there are only about 20 seasoned yoguis in Trinidad. We need help during 
 the Diwali week to give realisation on the stand. But also, we need any 
 help we can get on a continuous basis to help with follow ups, publicity, 
 and just general imput.

 From time to time we have had small convoys of visitors from other 
 countries. Earlier this year we had visitors from the UK, USA and Canada 
 who joined our collective for a while and we all had such a wonderful time. 
 It gave us such a boost and we worked so well together putting on numerous 
 public programmes. And it was even better as they were able to stay on for 
 many of the follow ups.

 So remember, while many of you are settling down to the winter in your 
 northen climes, we’ll be popping down to the beach of an evening to do a 
 havan! We would like to entice as many of our Sahaja Yoga brothers and 
 sisters as possible to pay us a visit, whenever possible, and come and stay 
 with us on our beautiful Caribbean island and help us to spread Sahaja Yoga 
 here.

 We feel it could take off here in a huge way once the word is out. There 
 are plenty of avenues we can take for publicity here, it’s easy to get on TV 
 and radio, but we need help to back the publicity up.
 If anyone is feeling the vibes that Trinidad is calling you, please email 
 Claire and Suzanne at: sytrinidad@hotmail.com

 The invitation is open on an ongoing basis, but if anyone can make it during 
 the Nagar week or the ensuing weeks to help with the follow ups, our arms 
 will be open wide. The airport is Port of Spain, Trinidad. Alternatively 
 you may find a cheaper tourist flight to our sister island of Tobago and get 
 an internal island hopper flight for T&T$ 175 equivalent to US$ 50 return or 
 GBP 30. In the current climate you may find some very good deals.

 With love from your brothers and sisters of Trinidad & Tobago
 xx


 _________________________________________________________________ 
 Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com/intl.asp

SY News Update - 301001.htm

Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 The latest (and not so latest) news from sahajnet...

 * IMPORTANT Diwali Puja corrections
 * Request for Russian program info outside of Russia
 * Urgent request for miracle photos
 * Request for memories with Mother
 * News from Siberia
 * News from Navaratri puja
 * News from Taiwan

 All the best from your brother Mark!

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

 IMPORTANT Diwali Puja Corrections

 Apologies about using the word "puja" in the "Diwali Puja in Trinidad" article title that may have caused confusion. The word "events" instead of "puja" should have been used.  Diwali Puja with Shri Mataji is still in Los Angeles, USA. 

 Also, the wrong email address was used in the posting about where to send the Visa letter requests. Please send to Ibu Banerjee at: anandi108@yahoo.com 
 Please don't send them to <sahajnet@sahayoga.org> as there could be significant delay.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Dear everyone,

 Everybody who knows about Sahaja Yoga programs for newcomers which 
 held by Russians or in Russian language outside Russia (we are mainly 
 interested in USA & Western Europe) please mail all the contact info 
 about such programs to this address: d.yakovlev@mtu.ru. This 
 information will be placed on the Contact page at 
www.sahajayoga.org/russia/, Russian version of international SY web-site.

 Thank you for help, 
 from Russia with Love 
 Yakovlev Dmitry mailto:d.yakovlev@mtu.ru

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Date: Fri, 26 Oct 2001 12:49:18 +0100 
 From: ipoindia@dircon.co.uk (Geoffrey) 
 Subject: Torsion Fields & Miracle Imagery 

 Dear Sahaja Yogis,

 We are currently again collecting & collating all the Miracle Pictures 
 of Shri Mataji & Sahaja Yogis and would like to request and invite any 
 Yogis who have any such imagery (Which didn't appear in the last Miracle 
 Pictures Compilation Booklet) - to forward it to us to help in updating 
 this pictorial archive.

 Imagery can be sent to: 
 International Miracle Archive, PO Box 108, London W5 2GG, ENGLAND 
 (Any original negatives or slides etc. will be returned - please indicate)

 and/or imagery can be sent as a JPEG file to the E-Mail address: 
 (ipoindia@dircon.co.uk).

 Secondly, on a not unrelated field, if anyone is able to contribute any 
 knowledge, insights, research sources, published papers concerning -TORSION FILEDS - 
 we would be most grateful for such support & help.

 With best regards and love 

 Jai Shri Mataji 

 Geoffrey.UK.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Date: Tue, 02 Oct 2001 18:54:24 -0700 
 Subject: broadcast request 
 From: Richard Payment <sahajnews@home.com> 

 Dear Sahaja Yogis,

 For the last eighteen months some of us in a number of countries have been collecting our personal memories of times spent in the presence of Shri Mataji ‹ times which have not been recorded on the video or audio. 
 Shri Mataji has said this is a part of the history of Her incarnation and should be recorded. As Richard Payment has written in the introduction of volume one of the memories: 

³From this ocean of memories ‹ until now only held in trust by each of us, as our individual experience ‹ some few sweet stories have now been collected in this volume. 
³This book is our history ‹ incomplete, fragmentary and as vulnerable as memories are. This is our living history ‹ a history of that culture that we call Sahaja Yoga. It chronicles the growth of our limited awareness of our Mother, Her Holiness Shri Mataji Nirmala. It records our discovery of ourself. And it celebrates our relationship with each of our brothers and sisters, whose every experience is also our own.
³This is a book about love.

³Thank you, Shri Mataji, for allowing us to collect these beautiful remembrances of Your care and love, of the laughter and gentle correction, of actually being with You and experiencing first hand Your Incarnation. From the simple way You lift a teacup, we can learn so much.²

As one of the coordinators of this project, it can truthfully be said that Shri Mataji has spoken no less than four times in the last eighteen months about this.
 Ganapatipule 1999, Shri Mataji: ³Yes, it should be done, it is part of the history.² (When asking if we can collect the stories showing the ³human side of Mother.²)
Shivaratri Puja 2001: ³Are you still going on with that book?²
Sahasrara Puja 2001, after presenting the first draft to Shri Mataji: ³Who has done this book?² Answer: ³So far about a hundred and twenty people. Mother, this is Your story and we have to get it right. Please help us.² Mother was clearly pleased.
 At Cabella, August 2001, Mother: ³Give me another printout of the memories and miracles books so I can look at them.² And later in the same conversation, Shri Mataji: ³I will get it printed in India and then the Sahaja Yogis can read it.²
Cabella, September 2001, after giving the latest printouts of the miracles and memories books, coordinator: ³Shri Mother, it is a bit daunting to collect these stories because [and I gave an example of one of my own stories] maybe we have not written auspiciously enough or maybe our memories are faulty]’ to which Shri Mataji replied: ³Don¹t worry, as long as what you say is true, that is all right.²

I felt very strongly that as long as we tell the stories with love, positivity and sincerity, with the idea in our hearts to glorify and thank Shri Mataji for Her endless blessings to all of us, She will forgive our little inaccuracies.

 I ask forgiveness of our Divine Mother if I have misquoted Her, but that is the gist.

 So PLEASE, brothers and sisters around the world ‹ this book is only as good as you all make it. Richard and I are only the channels for your memories and creativity. We need YOUR contributions.

Miracles
With the help of Sahaja Yogis around the world, we have already collected a number of accounts of miracles, either performed by Shri Mataji in person or, through the power of Her Paramchaitanya, through Sahaja Yoga. 
 Examples already collected: 
€ Miraculous cures from chronic or fatal diseases
€ Salvation from drowning, kidnapping, etc.
€ Any Sahaja related stories which defy the presumed laws of nature

Memories
Have you any memories of times spent with Shri Mataji? A loving word at an airport? Words of comfort and wisdom when in a room with Shri Mataji in a small group? A shopping trip with Shri Mataji? Have you any experiences you could share with Sahaja Yogis present or future, which would glorify Our Mother¹s Name and show Her endless love, compassion, care and concern for all of us, in so many, many different ways? This is a part of the vital history of Sahaja Yoga. This is your bit, your chance to glorify Mother and share that treasured memory in your heart with brothers and sisters throughout the world.
 Examples already collected: 
€ The first India tour, to Nepal in 1979.
€ The renovations of Brompton Square in the early 1980s.
€ The finding of Ganapatipule: Mother¹s miracles on that occasion
€ A Sahaja Yogini who came 10,000 miles to give Mother a flower
€ Mother explaining to a Sahaja Yogini how the power of faith works 

How to do it
Either write an email or a letter to one of the addresses below or speak your memory or miracle into an audio tape and mail it to us to transcribe. In Britain, Australia and Canada, groups of people have met together for the purpose of recalling memories and these have been recorded on tape. This has proved to be a wonderfully enjoyable way of doing it. If you have photos which would go with the memory or miracle, the idea is to put them in too, but they are not necessary ­ just an added extra.
 Please send your contributions or queries to:

 Linda Williams
 lindawilliams108@hotmail.com

 or Richard Payment
 sahajnews@home.com
 8272-141A Street, Surrey, 
 British Columbia, Canada V3W OV6

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: "Simon A. Golocheikine" <S.A.Golosheikin@iph.ma.nsc.ru> 
 Subject: Siberian news 
 Date: Sat, 13 Oct 2001 12:43:07 +0700 

 Dear Brothers & Sisters, 

 Here is a little good news for Sahaj Yogis who interested in Neuroscience research. The study of SY meditation was conducted in Novosibirsk's Institute of Physiology (Russia) and results were published in a highly rated international journal Neuroscience Letters: 

"Aftanas LI, Golocheikine SA. Human anterior and frontal midline theta and lower alpha reflect emotionally positive state and internalized attention: high-resolution EEG investigation of meditation. Neurosci Lett 2001 Sep 7;310(1):57-60". 

This article was gifted to Shri Mataji during selebration of Shri Ganesh Puja. 

 Your brother, 

 Simon Golosheikine.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Jai Shri Mataji! 

 Dear Sahaja Yogis, 

 This Navaratri Puja was a very serious puja. At the same time it was a very uplifting experience as Shri Mataji called us to rise to a new state by giving up all our negative reactions and making ourselves the vessels of Her Love. The talk related to the condition of war that the whole world is in and urged us to change ourselves in order to make sure the good will be victorious. She said this is the final battle between the good and the evil. This war was started by very cruel devils-rakshasas. Their weapon is hate. They cultivate and grow hate in people. They also mesmorize good people to make them hate, they mesmerize Muslims. But these good people who are mesmorized still can be made normal and saved with the power of Love. She said that this hate can be only be won over by Love. We have to fight this war with the sword of Love. 

 Shri Mataji went during the talk into very deep state of meditation several times and remarked every time that the amount of hate in the world at the moment was too much. Then She said that She is in the middle of the war in which She is absolutely ALONE. that Sahaja Yogis are not up to date at the moment to help Her in this fight, and this is why She has to fight alone, and the situation is very difficult as it is. She said that this war cannot be won unless and untill Sahaja Yogis will unite in the power of love which is the greatest power of all. She made no doubts that this last struggle is of apocalyptic proportion and that we need to rise up to the challenge. She acknowledged that a negative issue is still possible but that victory is also within grasp. If goodness is victorious all cruelty will be completely eluminated from the face of the Earth. Then 
 She went on explaining the reasons why Sahaja Yogis are not up to date, and what they have to do to correct this as soon as possible. 

 Basically as I understood we have to do 2 things to correct this situation: 

 1) Meditate on ourselves through deeper introspection and find out whether there is still some form of hate within us. Shri Mataji advised that everybody should introspect individually and see if he or she hates some people or groups of people. Then replace this feeling with love. She said we have to count how many people we love. And She said that all the Sahaja Yogis are in Her heart. Is the enemy also within us? We are invited to improve drastically the relationships between Sahaja Yogis in the collectives. It is very harmful when Sahaja Yogis have arguments and judge each other, and think and talk bad about each other, and when they make groups. Shri Mataji said if there is any misunderstanding it must be cleared. So everybody should completely open their hearts to each other in the collective, to new people too, let go all the negative feelings inside of the collective and only feel love to each other. We need consolidation. Shri Mataji repeated this word several times "consolidation". 

 2) There is a lot of hate in the world now like racial, religious, etc Unfortunately many Sahaja Yogis still partake in it. Like a Hindu Sahaja Yogis still might feel judgmental towards Muslims, poor against rich. She said that, by hating the rich, the poor will not become rich, a comment on the international situation of today where so many countries are resentful against America. I want to add to this my own experience that when I was sitting in the Puja I had to face myself that I was still upset with some Sahaja Yogis and I had to let this feeling go. And also as I am from Jewish background I felt in the back of my mind some anger with Arabs, etc. So I tried to replace this feeling with Love. As I did this I felt so much vibrations as I never had felt in my whole life and I had a very deep meditation. Actually this Puja was extremely strong and everybody's heart was open and people were very ready to do whatever Shri Mataji asks us in complete surrender. 

 After Shri Mataji's talk leader of Germany made a speech that all the Sahaja Yogis are ready to be under the command of Shri Mataji and that She is not alone in this fight. Shri Mataji was very pleased with this. In the ceremony of presents Shri Mataji took time to talk with each country for a long time. Shri Mataji talked with yogis from Ireland (they told me later this) and She said Ireland should try to join Britain. She said to them that ideas of separatism are very dangerous. India-Pakistan relationship also concern Her in that respect. 

 When we came with present from USA (it was a globe made from natural stones on a gold-plated stand) Shri Mataji took the globe in Her hands and went into meditation. Then we told Shri Mataji that all the American Sahaja Yogis are ready to do whatever She asks us under Her command and we will introspect and meditate and project our love and we will definitely finish all the hate in America, we will put our lives to it. Shri Mataji was smiling very kindly. Then we did namaskar and it felt like incredible moment in our lives. The next day after the Puja there was leaders meeting and they asked Shri Mataji what Sahaja Yogis should do, how they can help Her to fight? She said they have to become very deep and subtle and to action without action and to enjoy ourselves, our Spirit. 

 The day of the public program I spent with Russian Sahaja Yogis on the shore of the sea. Suddently we all went into a very deep meditation and we felt such spiritual joy as we never experienced before. We really felt like pure Spirit. Completely thoughtless. We prayed to Shri Mataji that we want to be Her hollow pure instruments and so much cool vibrations poured down on us that it was definitely experience of our lives. And we understood that what is going on in the world has a good side too, because it is a chance for all of us to really become the instruments of Shri Mataji, to become completely one with the Divine then we will be able to do action without action. And there is so much joy in it when we really one with the Divine like prophets or saints. It really felt like the Divine is now ready to uplift all of us to a very high state if we only surrender and let go all our feelings of hate, reactions, etc. This experience was very powerful, it was so much joy. And we thought that this is what Moksha must be like. If we are one with the Divine this is Moksha, isn't it? 

 In the public program Shri Mataji talked again about love and hate. There is a lot of hate in the world because people are not connected to the Divine, She said. But when the connection is established they become the Spirit and they become very loving. After Her speech there was a question from a lady in the audience. The lady said she was not able to forgive. Immediately after she said this the microphone of the translator stopped working. (One microphone was in Shri Mataji's hands and one in translator's hands as the program was being translated into Greek). Shri Mataji remarked that the microphone broke because of the hate. Now it is no longer connected. And She told the lady that if she forgives the microphone will start working again. The lady bowed to Shri Mataji and said:"I forgive". Immediately the microphone started working again. The program was a complete success. Every single person got their self-realization. 

 After I and Meg returned from Navaratri Puja we had collective meeting in Berkeley, USA. When everybody forgave each other and all the other people as Shri Mataji asked us to, all yogis felt very light and happy. We had a very strong collective meditation that evening as we did not experience for a long time. And we understood that all hate and reactions within us actually was stopping the flow of Shri Mataji's vibrations to the whole collective. But now as we let these feelings go we were enjoying incredible flow of vibrations. We remembered the message of the public program that when we hate we are not connected. It is as simple as that. Then we decided to try to maintain collective morning meditations to make ourselves deeper. At 6:30am some of us gather at house of one of yogis and meditate collectively. After meditation when we are in good state we pray to Shri Mataji to use us as instruments. Then we project our love to different places and people of the world for example to the Middle East, to North Korea, to the people of USA who suffered a lot in this war, to the good people of Afganistan so that they understood the truth, etc. And we felt a lot of vibrations. Now we decided that we will try to maintain ourselves in a good state always so that Shri Mataji can use us as Her clear instruments every minute of our lives. No more sleeping on weekends till 12 noon. Will make sure to have early morning meditation every day. Such was my experience in my collective. 

 To that I wanted to add my own feeling that if Sahaja Yogis of the world will try to make efforts to attend Diwali Puja in USA in greater numbers I think it would be very pleasing to Shri Mataji, to show Her that She is not alone, and that yogis of the world express love and concern for each other, and that they consolidate. 

 Kind regards, 

 Alla Kulkarni, Berkeley, USA 


 --------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Taiwan Sahaja Collective Progress Report - P.P. Penetrated the 
 Most Notorious Prison Inmates. 

 In this hot mid summer season, Taiwan country leader Henry 
 decided to organize a "Tour of Angels" to the most well known 
 jail in the secluded corner of Green Island. Well known because 
 today's elected government partisan including president, vice 
 president and most of his cabinet ministers were mostly confined 
 long-term or short term once in this place during the KMT's long 
 ruling in the past 60 years. Although today there is no 
 political prisoner any more, but the most notorious underground 
 Taiwan mafia once charged and caught are to be sent to this 
 island before verdict by the court. It used to called Fire Island 
 for its hot weather and strong wind. The name of Fire Island made 
 it sound like a hopeless hell in Taiwan. Basically, the volcanic 
 movement shaped the Green Island. Today, this island is becoming 
 a skin diving resort for its surrounding coral reef. 
  
 The small Taiwan Sahaj collective wanting to carry out another 
 public program and bring in a stronger tie among our small group, 
 we decided an excursion to the beautiful nature in the remote 
 east coast combining with such program of correction center with 
 the Ministry of Justice. The trip and the program contact were 
 quick and spontaneous. The head of the correction department at 
 Green Island also agreed with heart warming welcome that he felt 
 anything would help their inmates should be encouraged and 
 cooperative. 
  
 Our participating "Tour of Angels" is total at 13 and arriving 
 Taitung (east of Taiwan) on Saturday, August of 4. A big tour bus 
 was waiting for us and took us into the nature of this coastline. 
 First we visited a newly built Taiwan indigenous culture museum 
 and a pasture in this remote part of Taiwan. The night we checked 
 into a resort hotel, and went on to do a Havan by the riverside 
 preparing the clearing of negativity for the next day. Just a 
 week ago, Taiwan went through the ravage of Typhoon Toraji and 
 damaged the center Taiwan with heavy rain of over 500mm causing 
 thick mud with big boulder rocks rushing down some of the rivers. 
 Such scenario or anger of mother-earth was becoming a common 
 phenomenon whenever there was a typhoon hit directly into this 
 island country. Typhoon Toraji wiped out a few villages on her 
 way through in the middle of the night and took nearly 100 
 innocent lives with another 130 missing (presumably buried by the 
 mud). Just a few days before our "Tour of Angels", the Weather 
 Bureau reported two tropical typhoons are shaping up in the 
 Pacific ocean in the east side of Taiwan. One of them was within 
 an imminent distance away, but with our Sahaj Bandhan power it 
 disappeared as a tropical pressure and went north - another 
 miracle in our life. Thank you, Adi Shakti. Thank you, Shri 
 Hanumana. On Sunday morning we took a 40 minutes boat ride to 
 arrive the Green Island - our targeted destination. We have a 
 leisure day with activities of collective meditation, skin diving 
 and scooter ride around the 16 km island. 

 Then came Monday, our visit to the well guarded Green Island 
 Prison Correction Center. Director Mr. Chu greeted us at 9:00AM; 
 he took us to the prison auditorium where we set up Mother's 
 picture and presentation projector. This time we use a notebook 
 PC to aid our presentation. The PowerPoint presentation slides of 
 Mother's pictures, series of miracle photos, important quotation 
 of Mother were projected to the screen at various time during the 
 oral presentation. We set up the stage quickly, and then the 
 prison inmates were brought in from outside. They were only 16 
 all together this time as a trial run. Mr. Chu explained that 
 those came are the most difficult they have at hand - they are 
 resisting the official all the time and most uncooperative 
 inmates. We were pretty shock to see they came in two by two 
 shackled with heavy chains, when they walked they have to bend 
 over to pick up the shackled with both hands so they move like a 
 group of apes into the SY program. We were told that they were 
 hopelessly in prison long years. Their family disowned them for 
 the shame they brought to their family. 
  
 The program quickly started with short simple introduction of 
 Shri Mataji and Sahaja Yoga with its subtle instrument. They are 
 very much interested with picture of Mother, we found. Words such 
 as "Freedom is when you really get your own powers which are 
 within you. In your central nervous system and in your conscious 
 mind, you must feel the existence of the Spirit" trying to inject 
 hopes into their simple but sad mind. Slowly we catch their 
 attention and we noticed they were listening to the presentation 
 carefully with enthusiasm. We followed with the self-realization 
 session. The guards and director were also listening and getting 
 their gift of self-realization from our Divine Mother. All but 
 one who sits with both arms crossed refused to participate. When 
 the session finished, most of them were smiling with joy on their 
 faces. We were really happy for them and presented Mother's 
 Dhanvant miracle photo for them to practice on their own. We were 
 told that all the inmates have 2 hours meditation time everyday. 
 One inmate asked for the Banjhan music tape to use in their 
 official meditation. The director were pleased with the result 
 and promised to get 200 more inmates in different correction 
 center on the island for our program in the next trip. 
  
 The "Tour of Angels" were consists of 4 yogis, 9 yoginis. As most of this collective are 
 young new people, we give them a lot of comfort zone to work on 
 this tour. The initial uncertainty and insecure were slowly disappeared. 
 After the program, we all back in the lodge where we 
 stayed for everyone to express their own feeling and reflect of 
 their mind on this trip. Everyone was very happily expressed that 
 they all learn a lot and felt the brotherly and sisterly love and 
 care during the whole tour. Such sense of collectivity has 
 unanimously bound each one of us further in spreading Mother's 
 love for our countryman. We all felt Taiwan Sahaj work has moved 
 one giant step since Mother has started the Asia Tour years ago. 

 We are going to follow up with director of Green Island to set up 
 another pilot Sahaj program for the rest of the inmates. This 
 program will negotiate with Ministry of Justice to give the 
 inmate who practice Sahaj Yoga with good results and improve 
 their characteristics. We will ask to reduce their term by 
 helping the communities such as digging up, cleaning up and 
 participating the repair of damage caused by nature disaster such 
 as typhoon or earthquake. We are determined to give Sahaja Yoga 
 public programs around the island methodologically with the 
 growth of Sahaj collective. We hope to invite any international 
 yogi who has such experience with prisoner or drug rehabilitation 
 to come to help Taiwan in the near future. Any yogi who would 
 like to assist in this matter should write to country leader 
 Henry Ho at e-mail address: richland@tpts5.seed.net.tw. 

 Jai Shri Mataji. 


SY News Update 160201.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers and Sisters,

 More news for you to enjoy!

 * Urgent Request for Rome Aunties
 * Australian music CD available
 * Republic Day Talk
 * Sankranti Puja 2001 

 Much love and all the best!

 Mark

 ------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: "romeasram" <romeasram@tiscalinet.it> 

 HELP HELP HELP!!!

 We need enthusiastic Sahaja yoginis for three months who are willing to help in Rome school (the jobs are many - such as cooking, cleaning, bedroom time with children, school time, laundry etc.)

 Please ask your leader to contact Guido if you can come - it is an extremely rewarding experience!
 The children will all arrive on 10th March. Please pass this on to anyone without email who might be able to come - Thank you.

 ------------------------------------------------------------------

 Date: Sat, 3 Feb 2001 16:00:25 +0800 
 From: "Martin Purcell" <martin@australianip.com.au> 
 Subject: Australian Music CD

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 There has been a lot of interest shown in the Perth Sahaja Yoga CD 
 Compilation 'Mauli', which was recorded approx 2 years ago. Each time that 
 we travel OS we never seem to take enough copies with us. Recently much 
 interest from yogis in New York and Brazil was expressed in it.

 Mauli is a beautiful compilation of bhajans (some you'll know, some will be 
 new to you), containing 7 inspiring tracks. The compilation is a balance of 
 driving powerful rhythms interspersed with subtle melodic sounds. From the 
 earthy primitive sounds of the dijiredoo in Primordial Child, to the 
 ethereal vocal qualities in Pita Nah, Mauli is a unique fusion. Pay special 
 attention to the sublime guitar work in Mauline Thothavile Daar.

 Response to Mauli has been tremendously positive with a current wave of 
 request for copies coming from everywhere. We thought the best way to reach 
 people and to find out how many are either chasing or interested in a copy, 
 was to communicate it via this means.

 All those interested in doing so can contact Martin at the following email 
 address martin@australianip.com.au The cost is Australian $20.00.

 Jai Shri Mataji,

 Your brother in Perth. 

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Note from Mark: apparently this was sent to me before news of the Gujarat earthquake was known by the sender.

 From: nirmal shakti <yuvadrishti@yahoo.com 
 To: gautamvijay@hotmail.com, bhushu108@yahoo.com 
 Subject: Shri Mataji's Talk on Rebublic Day. 
 Date: Sat, 27 Jan 2001 02:56:11 -0800 (PST) 
  
 January 26th,2001- Pratishthan,Pune 
  
 A Republic Day that few of us are likely to forget in a hurry, if ever. Shri Mataji, dressed in a crisp white saree decided to have a small discussion with the Yuva Shakti members & the few senior Sahaja Yogis present in Pune. Flitting between 2001 & the strife-torn time of the freedom struggle, Shri Mataji recollected how her parents were jailed for long periods of time for being active freedom fighters. Shri Mataji's father spent considerable periods of time in custody even while local people rallied around in support of Shri Mataji's family. 

 Dwelling on the intense patriotism & idealism of those days for a few moments she came back to the present to remind us how devoid of national feeling this country had become. The people went from selfless devotion to the Deshmata  to greed, indifference & rampant corruption. 

 Deshmata occupies a position perhaps higher than that of the Mother & DeshBhakti forms the foundation of True Shraddha. One cannot hope to achieve union with The Divine when does not love one's own nation. Devotion for the country will only develop from an intimate knowledge of all that is around us-the proud legacy of saints, realized souls, artists & freedom fighters; the most fragrant of flowers & the highest of mountains; the holiest of temples & the greatest examples of architecture. 

 She explained how the British, the Chinese, the Russians & even the Americans were acutely aware of every niggly little detail about their nations- their geography, agricultural produce, their history & their culture- & how much pride they felt in being citizens of their respective countries. This feeling of belonging & this knowledge of one's own country seems peculiarly absent in India. We will have to start returning to our roots, using our country's products, explore our many treasures & realize why foreigners kiss the soil of this country when they land at the airport.  We will have to understand the many maladies of our nation & start putting the Chitta to work on those problems. She reminded us how our collective attention on the many national problems would drive them away. This would be our service to this great country- by being model Sahaja Yogis taking on the many demons facing the nation as one whole Sahaja entity. 
  
 She told us how much of compassion, patience & dedication we would have to exercise in bringing people of all communities into our global family. All the facts, evidence & speeches cannot replace Love when it comes to winning over hearts & that, She said, is the only way to win them over. 

 Although India boasts the largest number of Sahaja Yogis, outstripping even the numbers in Russia, She reminded us that the quality of Yogis in India was not quite good enough. While those in Russia were firmly entrenched in Sahaja lifestyles & the work of propagation, people in India still tended to falter & become complacent. We have to look no further than our Primordial Mother to undestand Perfection & that is where we should have our sights set on. 
  
 One can never hope to sucessfully summarize Shri Mataji's words. The full brief of Her Republic Day Address will appear in the NSYS newsletter, Shi Puja edition. 

 Jai Shri Mataji 
  
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: "Adam Morgan" <adam@mamhead.fsnet.co.uk> 
 To: "Mark Mays" <sahajnet@sahajayoga.org> 
 Subject: Re: publication 
 Date: Mon, 29 Jan 2001 22:40:30 -0000 

 Hello Mark,

 I'm writing to you again because I'm pleased to be able to say that the study that we did here in Devon (England) on Sahaja Yoga and mental health has been published in an English psychology journal and I thought people might like to know this.

 As a brief reminder we compared two types of treatment group for people with problems of anxiety and depression, against a waiting list control group. The two treatment groups were a sahaja yoga group and a cognitive behaviour therapy group (the most 'proven' therapy available at the moment). The results showed that Sahaja Yoga was an effective treatment, and the most effective treatment, for the people in the study. 

 The article on this study was published in the December 2000 (Vol. 4 No. 4) edition of Transpersonal Psychology Review and is called 'Sahaja Yoga: An ancient path to modern mental health?'

Hopefully this will help other people trying to do research into Sahaja Yoga and good luck to them!

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 Adam Morgan.

 Note from Mark: A copy of this paper has been sent to your country leaders. Please contact them (not me) for a copy.

 -------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Subject: Sankranti Puja 2001 
 Date: Sat, 27 Jan 2001 10:25:46 +0530 
  
 Jai Shri Mataji 
  
 Sankranti Puja of our Holy Mother was performed in Pratishthan, Pune on 
 14-Jan-2001. Few yogis were present on the occasion. Following is the 
 extract of the speech given by Mother on that day. 
  
 "For India, today is a very important day because the Sun is coming from 
 the South to the North side. The most important thing in Sahaja Yoga is 
 that you have to change & that's what you should do to the Goddess with 
 changed heart, full of love, affection and kindness. Therefore, hope you 
 will spread Sahaja Yoga. It is very important - because you know my 
 vision is too big and you have to really work hard to fulfill my vision. 

 And to give realization to people as many as possible. You have to think 
 what is your mind doing. There are many people who are waiting to come 
 in Sahaja Yoga. You should have the light of spirituality; you have to 
 feel that you are spiritual, you have to grow it, and also make others 
 grow. Sahaja Yoga is not limited with you. It's not meant for one 
 individual, not at all for one person but for the whole world. We have 
 Sahaja Yogis all over the world, but they don't spread Sahaja Yoga. They 
 are satisfied with their own motives. This is not Sahaja Yoga. You must 
 openly talk about and say about it. But Sahaja Yogis are very shy, they 
 don't talk about-Sahaja Yoga. They can do it, no doubt. The Sun changes 
 its direction, everybody knows about it, everybody prays for it. People 
 take bath in the river Ganges for purification. This is all right. 
  
 Now it is a time for purification, identification and also of 
 understanding the importance of Sahaja Yoga. I don't know how many 
 people really understand the importance of Sahaja Yoga. If that is 
 understood, one can do a lot of work in Sahaja Yoga. It is such a noble 
 work, which you all have to do it collectively; and then you feel your 
 life has a meaning, otherwise there is no meaning and no light in your 
 life. So you have to work out in that manner which gives inspiration to 
 others. You must have introspection, ask questions to yourself - what I 
 have done for Sahaja Yoga." 
  
 Then Mother spoke about Maharashtra in Marathi. 
   
 Best Regards, 

 Raghuram & Bhavna 
  
SY News Update.htm
 
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Some more news for you to enjoy!

 * Chindwara house (Shri Mataji's birthplace)
 * Diwali Puja News
 * SY at Catholic High School

 Much love and all the best,

 Mark

 ------------------------------------------------------

 Please contact your country or center coordinator for details on how to
 help acquire the house of Shri Mataji's birthplace in Chindwara, India.

 ------------------------------------------------------

 >From Shoba

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 Hi Friends,

 It was a wonderful Diwali Puja weekend at Lake Piru Recreation Centre in
 LosAngeles.
 France,Switzerland  and South Africa hosted this Puja.  Saturday night we
 had an amazing
 performance by the renowned sitarist Nishad Khan. He had been peforming  in
 front of
 Shri Mataji from the past 15 years but  Shri Mataji said that  he got his
 true self realization
 on that very day. He  played raag Darbari  (Shri Mataji's favourite raag).

 Then there were two  plays from the French collective.One of them was
 'Juggler from
 Notredame'.The Sahaja Yogi who played the role of the Juggler had learned
 to do magic
 only for that play. Shri Mataji was amazed to know this. Another play by
 Mollier was also
 performed that was a parody of "modern" France 200 years ago. It very
 humorously depicted
 how easily people are pulled into the superficialty of the latest fashions
 and manners of
 speaking while making themselves look quite silly in the process. The
 program went on till 3.00 am.

 The next day Puja started at 8.00 pm.Shri Mataji  wore a pink silk saree.
 In Her speech
 She explained that pink is the symbol of  love and compassion and that is
 the reason Shri
 Lakshmi holds a pink lotus  in Her hand and sits on a pink lotus. To attain
 the  Lakshmi tattwa
 you have to develop the qualities of generosity,hospitality and compassion
 and after that you
 can acheive MahaLakshmi tattwa.

 Shri Mataji said that there are 9 forms of Lakshmi(Navadha) of which She
 explained about 2 forms.
 One was Grihalakshmi and the other Gajalakshmi. Speaking of Gajalakshmi She
 said that women
 should walk like the Gaja(elephant) and not gallop like the horses. Men
 should not dress like women and
 they are the ones who have to gallop like the horses.She also said that
 women should take to Mouna (silence).
 They should not keep gossiping about others.The ones who are really working
 for Sahaja Yoga always talk less.

 Speaking of hospitality She said that a person who has enough
 Lakshmi(money) should have a house
 and he should be very hospitable to others.You have to treat guests like
 gods whether they are Sahaja Yogis or
 not.This quality has to be developed otherwise we will be ruined with our
 own money.The rich countries
 have to  learn this from the poor countries.

 After the wonderful speech there was the washing of the Lotus feet of Shri
 Mataji and then aarthi. It seemed as if Shri
 Mahalakshmi was sitting there in Her full form. National gifts from various
 countries were offered to Shri Mataji.

 Before leaving Shri Mataji wished everyone a very Happy Diwali and She
 reminded about the Maryadas(protocols)to be
 followed in the presence of the AdiShakthi. She asked everyone to be quiet
 and absorb the vibrations of the Puja.
 She then gave a short message to the leaders. Shri Mataji said that the
 Sahaja Yogis should solve their own problems
 through meditation and should go to the leaders when they are not able to
 solve them. Leaders should try to solve the
 problems of the Sahaja yogis in their centre and if they are not able to
 they should give up the so called leadership.
 Leaders should not write letters to Mother about anyone nor  should they
 call Her about the problems in their centres.
 She said that the leaders should handle these things themselves because
 there is so much to be done on a broader level
 for the salvation of the whole World!

  Love,

  Shoba

 ------------------------------------------------------

 "sonja rimokh" <srimokh@hotmail.com>
 Date: Sun Nov 5, 2000 12:26pm
 Subject: Sahaja Yoga lecture and self realization at a
 Catholic High School



 Recently, I started teaching at a Catholic High School. For some reason, the
 Paramchaitanya put me there. A few weeks into the school year, the Religion
 teacher asked me if I would speak about the Yoga I'm doing. He and I had
 chatted briefly in the Teachers Room and he was fascinated to know more
 about it.

 On Wednesday, I came into the classroom with the Mantra Book,
 which I set standing up to show Mother's photo, a cloth and incense burner.
 I also set up the Virata chart on the blackboard, which the teacher assisted
 me with. Before starting to explain about Sahaja Yoga, I led a brief
 meditation, "to make the transition from thinking to being in a thoughtless
 state."

 The room was very quiet and the vibrations led me to raise their
 kundalini, merely by asking them to put their attention on each chakra and
 to guide the kundalini to rise above their Sahasrara. After everyone did so,
 I asked them to raise their hand if they felt the "cool breeze" and then the
 "hot breeze." I did not explain just then, but referred to the virata chart
 and introduced Sahaja Yoga to them.

 After the lecture, I again asked them about those who felt the cool and hot
 breeze; four people felt the cool breeze, which included the teacher; the rest
 felt a warm breeze. I then explained what that meant. The teacher, who was
 very joyful, said, "I wish we didn't have to stop; this feels so
 wonderful!" I asked
 him if I could put the address of our meeting in Hackensack on the board as
 well
 as the website. He said, "of course!"

 I also said that if some of the teachers and students would like to start a
 meditation
 group at the school, to let me know. One of the students came up to me
 after class
 and asked me if Sahaja Yoga could cure diabetes. I told him that I had
 heard at the
 Sahaja Yoga hospital this summer that two young people had been cured at
 the hospital.

 The vibrations in the school were so strong throughout the day. So, when I
 came into my 7th period class -- which had already been meditating at the
 beginning of each class, but without knowing the name of Sahaja Yoga, I gave
 them a mini presentation (since I still had my "meeting bag" with me.)

 I also wrote the name on the board of the New Jersey meeting location in
 Hackensack. Somehow, it felt so good to be open about "my practice" and to
 be able to speak about it even in a Catholic institution. As indicated by
 the reaction of the students and the teacher, seekers are everywhere.

 JAI SHRI MATAJI!

 Sonja Rimokh - Ridgewood, NJ

 -------------------------------------------------------------------

 

SY Update - 15501.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 More news for you to enjoy!

 * India Cultural Program in Argentina
 * Mother's Day in Cabella
 * Request for info regarding Cornelia Salve
 * MP3 Update
 * Summer Music & Events in Russia
 * More Easter Puja recollections (long)

 Much love from your brother Mark

 ----------------------------------------------------------------

 Date: Fri, 11 May 2001 18:12:16 -0300 
 From: Eduardo Marino <marino@if.ufrj.br> 

 Dear brothers and sisters,

 From April 17th. to 22nd., with the blessings of Shri Mataji, an exhibition entitled "India: a Meeting with 
 Spirituality" was organized in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The main objective was to give realization to people by 
 attracting them through the beauty of indian art and culture. A very nice exhibition hall in the center of Buenos 
 Aires was chosen for the event. The argentinian collective prepared a very large number of pannels portraying every 
 aspect of India: geography, history (ancient and modern), economy, spirituality, deities, incarnations, saints, 
 literature, art, dance, music, cuisine,.... Many posters with the deities were hand painted by the argentinian sahaja 
 yogis. Numerous objects like saris, sculptures, books, kurtas, music instruments, jewelry decorated the exhibition. 
 Some objects were kindly lent by a local Indian store. Indian music and smell of incense completed the setting. All 
 this would take the visitor at the end, to the most important part: two rooms containing everything about Shri 
 Mataji, Sahaja Yoga, chakras, miracle photos,.....A video continuously presesnted extracts from Shri Mataji´s talks. 
 In these two rooms we gave realization non-stop, from 12:00 to 10:00 pm. every day. Most of the people said "yes" 
 when asked whether thay wanted to try the meditation in Sahaja Yoga! Every day at 6:00 pm there was a talk about 
 Indian culture, a video of Shri Mataji, again realization and live bhajans! 

 About 1200 people have had their realization in the event. A man from Chicago said it was the best exhibition 
 about India he had ever seen and wanted to take it to Chicago.Thanks to the blessings of our Divine Mother it was a 
 fantastic experience and also a beautiful example given by the argentinian collective. We hope to repeat it many 
 times in other places. The whole material of the pannels is available in WORD (it is in spanish but can be 
 translated). 

 With much love,

 Eduardo

 -----------------------------------------------------------------

 Return-Path: <finbbar@libero.it> 
 Received: from mail1.webhosting.com ([205.178.180.9]) 
 by mtiwgwc23.worldnet.att.net 
 (InterMail vM.4.01.03.16 201-229-121-116-20010115) with SMTP 
 id <20010514213951.SGHR5843.mtiwgwc23.worldnet.att.net@mail1.webhosting.com> 
 for <sahajnet@worldnet.att.net>; Mon, 14 May 2001 21:39:51 +0000 
 Received: (qmail 22475 invoked by uid 104); 14 May 2001 21:42:30 -0000 
 Delivered-To: sahajayoga.org-sahajnet@sahajayoga.org 
 Received: (qmail 22447 invoked by alias); 14 May 2001 21:42:29 -0000 
 Received: from unknown (HELO smtp3.libero.it) (193.70.192.53) 
 by 0 with SMTP; 14 May 2001 21:42:29 -0000 
 Received: from r583700032 (151.29.211.72) by smtp3.libero.it (5.5.025) 
 id 3AE98228003BBAF6; Mon, 14 May 2001 23:39:50 +0200 
 Message-ID: <001501c0dcc0$d0fac1e0$48d31d97@r583700032> 
 Reply-To: "FIN McCOOL" <finbbar@libero.it> 
 From: "FIN McCOOL" <finbbar@libero.it> 
 To: <sahajnet@sahajayoga.org> 
 Subject: Mother's Day at Cabella 
 Date: Mon, 14 May 2001 23:55:51 +0200 
 MIME-Version: 1.0 
 Content-Type: multipart/alternative; 
 boundary="----=_NextPart_000_0012_01C0DCD1.67FD4120" 
 X-Priority: 3 
 X-MSMail-Priority: Normal 
 X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2615.200 
 X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2615.200 

 Dear Sahaja Yogis, 

 Yesterday we had the incredible fortune and blessing to be admitted into the presence of our Holy Mother on the occasion of Mother's Day in Italy. About 50 yogis, mostly Italian but there were also Swiss and Austrians, were allowed into Shri Mataji's reception room where we were all able to offer flowers which Mother graciously accepted. Then, in an incredibly relaxed and beautiful atmospere, the Adi Shakti spoke with us for nearly an hour. She spoke about Mother's Day, saying that it was very important here, in Italy, where the family is still strong and where the Mother is still respected, but that the idea for Mother's Day had come originally from America, maybe from Abraham Lincoln, which was interesting as there the family has largely disintegrated and we hear of terrible things happening, even mothers killing their own children. Then Shri Mataji mentioned Mohammed, saying that Muslims had asked him whom they should worship after Allah, and he replied 'The Mother' Twice they repeated the question and both times he replied with the same answer. Clearly he meant the Divine Mother as human mothers can be less than perfect, having conditionings from always being in the same place. As well as this the Adi Shakti again spoke about Shri Shiva and how he did not have her compassion. 

 Shri Mataji noticed that several of the yogis were suffering from allergy to pollen (hay fever) and that their eyes were affected. She said that they could remedy this by doing liver treatment for a month and drinking sugar water, the eyes should be bathed in rose water and dark glasses should be worn to protect them. She also noticed that some children were catching on liver and that this was the land of the liver, we should be especially careful with what our children eat. Also speaking about children, Shri Mataji added that it didn't matter if they were very independent or very attached, what was important was their attention, we should always see where their attention goes. She knows immediately where someone's attention is. Also she said not to be too hard on the children, not to tell them off all the time. If they feel our love they'll behave because they don't want to lose that love. 

 Speaking about illness she said that if we have a problem we should write to her, after all we are all one and we don't want anyone to suffer.

 Finally, noticing a child with her medallion, she asked people to put their hands up if they didn't have a medallion, and she said we all should have one. 
 That's as much as comes to mind and I'm sure to have missed a few things but there is an audio tape of this indescribably joyful occasion 

 JAI SHRI MATAJI 

 Finbar


 -----------------------------------------------------------------

 For the preparation of the next Adishakti Puja, belgian yogis look for as 
 much information as possible about Shri Mataji's Mother, Mrs Cornelia Salve.
 If anyone knows any story about her, has pictures or any detail that reveals 
 her personality or her shakti powers we would greatly appreciate to get it 
 at the address: Bernard.Cuvellier@advalvas.be 

 Also if you know somebody who knew her personnaly, you maybe could collect 
 direct information an send it to us.

 Of course we have read the book 'Great women of India' and Babamama's 
 memoirs.

 Thank you very much. 
 Your brother Bernard

 -----------------------------------------------------------------

 From: Cutlerccc@aol.com 
 Date: Sun, 13 May 2001 17:24:42 EDT 
 Subject: mp3 update 

Thanks to everyone for visiting mp3.com/sahaja 

 We were initially getting as many as 450 plays a day increasing our exposure 
 to many potential seekers, but that has dropped to below 100 a day. 
 It would be a great help if everyone could try to make at least 4 plays each 
 day for the next 30 days. 

 Clicking on the radio play button to play all the mantras on the page only 
 counts as 1 play, so DON"T bother with that! 

 If 500 Yogis make 4 plays a day we will get exposure by being listed in the 
 top 20 of the main mp3.com charts. This a tremendous opportunity to help 
 spread Sahaja Yoga and should only take 5 minutes out of your day. Also use 
 the "e-mail this song to a friend" feature this counts as a play. Try 
 sending a mantra to everyone you know. 

 I will keep sending out updates of our progress.
  
 Jai Shri Mataji 

 Chris Cutler

-----------------------------------------------------------------

 Date: Sun, 13 May 2001 11:49:41 +0400 
 From: Sahaja Yoga news <inform@sahajnews.mtu-net.ru> 
 Subject: SY Tour in Russia and Ukraine

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear brothers and sisters!

 This summer there will be Russian-Ukraine musical tour. Everybody is invited!

 Ukraine, Kiev: 
 1-3 June: 
 Musical program 
 Public program 
 Shri Adi Shakti Puja

 Russia, Moscow: 
 21-24 June: 
 Musical program 
 Public program 
 Shri Lakshmi Puja 

 Russia, Togliatti: 
 13-15 July: 
 Musical program 
 Public program 
 Shri Ganesha Puja 

 Russia, Novosibirsk: 
 15-17 July: 
 Science conference

 Russia, Altay: 
 17-27 July: 
 Tour in Altay 

 Russia, S.-Petersburg: 
 10-12 August: 
 Musical program 
 Public program 
 Shri Krishna Puja.

 For any information contact inform@sahajnews.mtu-net.ru 
 -- 
 Best regards, 
 Russian S.Y. news centre mailto:inform@sahajnews.mtu-net.ru

-----------------------------------------------------------------

 Here is a summary of the Easer Puja and Shri Mataji’s visit to
 Istanbul-Turkey. 
 Shri Mataji arrived on the 19th April Thursday to Istanbul and was welcomed by a big crowd of sahaja yogis at the airport. By then many yogis have gathered from several parts of the world and there were approximately 300 yogis at the airport. For all present there, including the press that was enough to announce the arrival of Shri Mataji. There was a big enthusiasm in the yogis because till the last weeks it was not certain whether Shri Mataji will be coming or not. Thus as the time was getting closer to see our Divine Mother before our eyes, our joy was more and more increasing. 

 When Shri Mataji arrived, She accepted flowers from each and every Sahaja Yogi and She left for Her Hotel, close to the Puja Place. For those who have been in one of the Easter Pujas in Istanbul, the puja place  was the same as the last years, a beautiful camp area near the sea. This year there was a big variety of attendants from all over the world (Romania, Dubai, Africa, Europe, Cyprus, Israel, Iran, New Zealand, Malaysia, UK, Ukraine, Russia, Bulgaria, Greece, etc) reaching upto 600 people attending the puja. 

 The puja weekend started with Friday evening program. Shri Mataji arrived to the Puja tent early evening. All the Sahaja Yogis thanked Shri Mataji for accepting to come and allow us to do Her Puja in Istanbul. The first presentation was a Turkish Folkloric Dance performed by Sahaja Yogis as a welcome piece. The dance was one of deep feelings and slow movements leading  to faster rhytms. Songs were sung in Kurdish Language and played by a Shennai like instrument which is also used for welcoming and marriages like the shennai is. 
 Then we had Cyprus to sing some songs that they wrote for Shri Mataji. Unfortunately they were only from the Turkish side of Cyprus and no yogis from the Greek Cyprus were able to come so they were accompanied by one or two brothers and sisters from Greece on the stage, hoping that this should establish some unity between these troubled nations. It was announced prior to their performance that the yogis in both sides of Cyprus are now meeting once a month in a common village on the border and doing cleansing treatments to workout the problems of Cyprus. Following Cyprus we had our Romanian brothers & sisters offering a short comedy of a famous Romanian writer, namely I.L. Caragiale who is known to be the Romanian Moliere. It was telling about the greed and tricks of a false guru like person who was a hypnotiser and a lady who stupidly continues to believe in Him even when she knows she is deceieved by him. The theatre was followed by a Classical Music performance from the professional musicians of Romanian collective playing Bach and Mozart in a most perfect manner. Then we moved from western classical to Indian classical music and listened to Rag Bageshri on sarod by one of our Turkish brother and French Brother accompanying him on the tabla. It was a meditative performance. As the night was reaching to completion we had the Romanian group perform bhajans for Ganesha and Ambe. Also they sang qawalis of our Late Babamamaji with  a lot of heart and every moment the rhytm of the evening was increasing. Finally we had Qawals from Hyderabad whom Shri Mataji has brought for us to add special color to our enthusiasm and during their performance, it was hard to keep sitting on the floor. 

 As the first night ended we were all eager to see what the next evening would bring for us. After Shri Mataji’s arrival the evening started with Bharatanatyam dances performed by a Romanian sister. Our brothers and sisters from Israel sang bhajans and demonstrated a raga on violin. The sensation of the evening was a play by the Turkish who  demonstrated on the stage how the message of Jesus was taken over and manipulated by the devils. So we saw a real decoration of devilish looking, wild figures on the stage. Actually the play was adopted from a story by Tolstoy. So as the story comments on the false methods and styles in the Christianity, it reaches to present day and shows how through the advent of the Mother the devil is receding back and the kingdom of Belzebul is coming to an end. The theatre piece was followed by Greek traditional songs adopted to Sahaj poetry. Soon after they started to sing, we the Turkish have felt that these melodies are also in our traditional music and noticed how close actually are these two nations to eachother. This item was followed by a very joyful folkloric dance from Romania. The dancers were very much harmonised and moving in harmony even at very fast figures keeping their beautiful smiles on their faces. After the dance, our brothers and sisters from Iran came on the stage. They sang three new songs written by a new sahaja yogi who has been practising sahaja yoga only for 6-7 months. They were all full of vibration and love for our Divine Mother, they concluded with the now famous Persian qawali “Mataji Rouhe Allah”. No need to say everyone joined in a joyful dance. After the Iranians we had the Turkish music group together with the other hosting country musicians on the stage. After one bhajan in hindi they sang a devotional traditional piece in Turkish and they finished by the beautiful qawali “Ya Habib  O Beloved”. As the qawali moved on the ecstatic feeling of singing this qawali before our BELOVED Herself just took us into special heights and this was easily observed in the performance of the group of musicians who were singing like they were lost in the joy. 
 Since our African brothers have come from such a long way we could not have let them go without coming up the stage and adding to our great joy with their special entertaining style. They not only sang songs for us but also made a small scatch of how the power of bandhan works. Their smooth and joyful appearance on the stage is something unique, we all felt. This second night would also finish by a series of qawalis from the Hyderabad Qawals who all took us up dancing. Other than traditional qawali style this night they sang also a classical piece in Rag Bahar composed and written by the Great Saint Hazrat Amir Khusrou. Shri Mataji was very much pleased with the programs and looking at the way we all enjoy as a big family in unity, She said that She is sure the day to see all world as one is not very far away. 
 All through these two evening programs we felt Shri Mataji took us to higher devotional levels so that our hearts were drenched in Her Love and we all were eager to worship Her and forgive anything and resurrect ourselves mor e and more because we wanted that nothing should stay in between us and  that most Precious thing for all of us  HER LOVE. 

 The puja took place on the 22nd April Sunday evening and whatever we can recollect from the puja talk is like this, as usual these are not one to one Shri Mataji’s words but the general outlines from Her Speach: 
 
 " Christ is a model for Sahaja Yogis now. Therefore reseruction is very important part of Sahaja Yoga. In the begining when Jesus came people were ignorant about spirit quality and he  was there to speak about  spirituality. Money was very important those days. Between the spirit and materialism there was too much contrast so people did not understand. People had big ego at the time. 

 The islamic force is very spread and grows quikly. I don't know why people fight for nothing. If they stop see for one second they will see they do wrong. Jesus who is the incarnation of Ganesha accepted to be killed to crucify the ego. If he did not do that my job would be harder. So we have to crucify the ego. If he was not crucified, attention could not pass through the Agya.

 Now Agya is open Christ opened it now we can go to Sahasrara. The problem in India is they are too ritualistic and the west has ego problem. We have too much conditioning. There are a lot of poor countries because people are cheating. Earthquakes happen in countries who are too materialistic they have to raise above the materialism. People become agressive for money and business. For Jesus moey was nonsense because there is love above all these petty things. This is the year of exposure, greed wiil be exposed and thrown into hell. Why countries fight against eachother because they do not love people. You are not enjoying if you have no love for people.

 Become a witness, he was a witness. All he did was perfect but unfortunately, christianity misunderstood these things and taught to be agressive and dominate others. Christ accepted everything and he brought peace. The humble man is always the winner, not the dominator. 

 Nobody knows which side is correct people kill left and right, they follow principle of fight. No animal kills eacother as much as humans kill eachother. 

 Conditionigs are very bad. Never criticise, it comes from conditioning. What happened with the cows in England they were so clean always. People say I like this, I do not like that, this is all conditioning. They make fashion one year they like this next year they do not like it anymore. I never say I do not like this I say allright and witness. When you are conditioned about yourself then your ego reacts according to that conditioning, so it is a combination of ego and conditioning. 

 Racialism is another thing, God made all people whatever color it is. What would America be like if all the different colors left. In Missisipi the red necks were killing the blacks and even nature could not stand it when there was flod they left everything all the materials running for life. Now they don't do these things anymore nature taught them. 

 Humility is a power that glorifies. Who worships hitler? who worships
 Musolini? 
 (a baby cried) Ego is like this child it will not care or listen to anybody but will go on and on. Ego justifies everything so you don't see what you do when ego is there you cannot be witness in order to be witness you must see the ego so is a bit confusing. To make the ego disapear say the mantra of Jesus. Recession is also due to Mr. ego. Ego has no discretion, conditioning is even worse. You start believing in wrong things. Know thyself. I am happy Sahaja Yogis can see their ego and superego and rise above it."

 After the puja Shri Mataji accepted the gifts. I can not miss one piece that was from Iran. It was a silk carpet hand made by a great master of this art. The carpet was the Dhanvantri Photo of Shri Mother and it was not at all different from the real photo such precision was there. It was a puja full of joy and bliss

 The next day after the puja was for rest and preparation for the public program. It was mainly announced through newspaper ads in the most read newspapers for several days and also some postering and handing out leaflets at common public areas by the yuva shakti were done. The hall is a very prestigious new hall of Istanbul, very central for reaching and one of the biggest available in Istanbul  for 5000 people. 

 The 24th Tuesday the people started to gather around 5pm before the hall and were cueing, whereas the program would start at 7pm. When the doors were opened at around 6:30, in half an hour the hall was completely full. There was a few bhajans before the introductory speach of Majid Sahib. Shri Mataji arrived at 7:45pm and all the hall stood up to welcome Her. The crowd was respectful and at times too eager to catch a glimpse of Mother. The talk was incredible. Shri Mataji spoke on the blessedness of Turkey and the saints and sufis who had their lives there, how they spoke about “knowing the self”. That is what also Prophet Mohammed had talked about. She mentioned how poetically they spoke about the truth and that is why the people sometimes misinterpret these beautiful lines. And then that is how the messages of One same Truth, One God start to be against one another and because of the misinterpretations the religions and beliefs fight with each other. She also told how the seven chakras were mentioned in Islam by the seven heavens in the ascent (Meraj) of Hazarat Mohammed, the white female horse who took Him through these heavens was none other than the Kundalini. While some parts of Her speach reflected the compassionate, beautiful image of the MOTHER, at times it was the strong fatherly expression of the SATGURU. I remember when She was saying that the times are the Kýyama times that is the last judgement and it was already said in the Quran that the hands will speak and tell each person what they have done. So if you want to be real muslims- that is someone who is surrendered (to the will of Allah) then your hands have to speak and if they dont speak than “I must say you are not a muslim”. Then at another point She mentioned that we should be honest and accept this judgement and get better, correct ourselves and accept to exist in that heavenly kingdom. But if you do not want to accept to be in that kingdom then you will fall down and down and might end up in hell. What will happen to us if we do not follow the Truth? 

 This much is our recollection from the speach and of course only as much as we can remember. There was a big attendance also from the media. Around ten TV cameras were taking records for their news and they were all broadcasted the next days in the top nationwide TV stations of the country. Many many press photographers were taking photos and they had to be told to keep calm as the Realization was going on. The positive attitude of the press and the media towards Shri Mataji and Sahaja Yoga this year was amazing, almost all good newspapers several of them with appr. Million readers gave reports on the public program in a full page or a minimum of half page. 7-8 Tv stations gave the event for 3-5 minutes in their prime time news and we hope that Shri Mataji is now more and more known to people all over Turkey. 

 When the time came for realization, it was openly announced that the AC system of the hall be closed and Shri Mataji asked the seekers to put their hands directly towards Her and in a few minutes they were all feeling the vibration and it was a unigue experience for us to see thousands of hands raise up to approve the realization. Shri Mother said 7000 people got their realization and people were really so enthusiastic about meeting Shri Mataji that many rushed towards the stage and had to be stopped . Our brothers from Hyderabad  the qawals came on the stage and sang two qawalis one traditional sufi qawali and the other Mataji, Mataji, Mataji  the famous Allahu. All present were clapping, some were dancing and it was a memorable evening for all the seekers present, including us, the Shaja Yogis  As the music would continue in full rhytym, some children would be coming on the stage to kiss the hand of Shri Mataji (the Turkish tradition is that the small ones kiss the hands of the bigger ones and in return if the bigger ones wish they kiss them on their cheeks) and this would create very loving influence on all the people. It was incredible how the people were feeling so much attracted to Shri Mataji.

 The days following the public program were full with the fresh fragrances of the Spring, and Istanbul is most beautiful when Her Mother is there and when She brings for her the beautiful spring. So now we are all hoping that together with the Spring the Blossoming of the seekers of this land should be established and by the Summer, the harvest time should mature for us many more sahaja yogis who will realize that finally they find their MOTHER. 

 Shri Mataji stayed until the 29th Sunday in Istanbul and has left for Cabella leaving all of us in gratitude for all the blessings She has showered on us and on this land. 

 I have started it to be a short summary but I could not keep from going into the details so it became a bit long. Hope everyone enjoys, and we ask forgiveness if we made any mistakes in reflecting what was.

 JAI SHRI MATAJI....

 Selim from Turkey

The passing of Dr. Rai.htm
Dear Brothers & Sisters,
I just received this news today. Please pass this message to all those in your collective that knew Dr. Rai, and were recepients of his deep compassion and vibrations, his knowledge of vibrations, and the practice of sahaja yoga that has benefited so many.

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 Mark

 ------------------------------------------------------------

 From: Emiliana Blagoeva [emisimran@yahoo.ca]
 Date: Sept. 20, 2001

 Dear brothers and sisters,

 I am writing you to announce one sad news: OUR DEAREST
 DR U.C. RAI IS NOT ANYMORE WITH US. Last Monday he
 passed away peacefully. Till his last moment he was
 fully in Shri Mataji's attention. Mother said that his
 path in this earth is finished and that's God's will.

 Here is a part of a letter from Indian yogi who was
 with the family:
 "...I am really very sorry to say that our Dearest Dr.
 U. C. Rai is now no more within us. Last midnight he
 passed away from this world peacefully. We had done
 all his last ceremony by Hindu tradition , at today
 afternoon between 12:30 to 13:30.

 I feel really very sorry for him. His face was very
 shiney & with deep thought's & Peace. Really today we
 have lost one very deep Sahajayogi , Uncle & Dr. .
 Today it's very dark day in a day time also, It's not
 raining but with big darkness. Well must be some kind
 of Divine Plan. Even I was very surprised when we had
 entered in last place with his body there was one
 Peacock & Peacock is our national bird & also Vahana
 of Godesse Saraswati. Maybe behind this there is also some
 kind of Divine Plan. The last ceremony was done by
 Hindu Tradition..."

 Dear all, lets pray for his soul.

 Love Emiliana.

The real Mark Mays.htm
    
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers and Sisters,

 Apparently a group of ex-sahaja yogis have sent an email containing some
 really absurd and slanderous rubbish to some of you, using my name as an
 alias for their actual email address. The fact that they continue to lie,
 harras, and now threaten yogis, using my name as the alias for their email
 address rather than their own, shows their true low, low nature (why are
 they afraid of *us* for heaven's sake?!). I would suggest that you either
 Ctrl D(elete) this trash and/or ask them not to send you any more email. If
 they continue, then you can write to their internet service provider and
 ask them to stop the spamming (unsolicited, offensive email to people they
 don't know). I know I will certainly be contacting hotmail.com about this
 latest underhanded move using my name for their latest deception.

 For future verification of whether the email is actually from sahajnet,
 click on the alias name to see the actual email address. The alias name is
 usually the person's name that is associated with the email address. Many
 email readers display the alias name rather than the email address so you
 can more easily recognize who the email is from. For example, Mark Mays is
 the alias name for sahajnet@sahajayoga.org and the imposters also used Mark
 Mays as the alias name for their email address. If someone else takes over
 the email broadcast responsibility, then you will probably see their name
 instead of mine associated with sahajnet@sahajayoga.org, but
 sahajnet@sahajayoga.org is an internet name that belongs to us and will
 always be used for official SY communications. Also, we want to assure
 everyone that we have started measures to protect the names we have been
 using and have been registering since Sahaja Yoga was started. It's really
 sad that we have to take action to protect the good name of Sahaja Yoga and
 it's aliases, but we are not going to roll over on this one! Jai Shri
 Mataji Nirmala Devi!

 Much love from your brother Mark 

Times for Change.htm
 
Jai Shri Mataji!

  Times for Change

 We Sahaja Yogis are living in these times for the
 emancipation of humanity and to establish Shri Mataji
 Nirmala Devi's and Lord Shiva's Kingdom here on Earth.
 We are Divine instruments who have been given Self
 Realisation by the Grace of our Mother. We represent
 Sahaja Yoga, Truth, Dharma and Shri Mataji. We should
 therefore behave like Sahaja Yogis. Anything against
 Sahaj we don't like. We like things that emit good
 vibrations and we dislike things that are against our
 Mother. We are part of the Kingdom of God and we
 should realise that we are not ordinary people, we are
 different. We have a connection with the Divine, but
 we must please our Holy Mother and Father to maintain
 it. We have been given the light, so we should realise
 what we have and appreciate it. We are children who
 have been given a gift and we should not misuse it as
 a toy.

 Sahaja Yoga as mentioned before represents Dharma. But
 are we dharmic? Do we lead a dharmic life? Are we
 innocent with a pure mind and heart? Do we lead a
 moral life? Do we reflect the light of God in our
 personality and behaviour? We should ask ourselves
 these questions to introspect and analyse ourselves to
 change and become better yogis. Our perfection should
 shine in society and be an example for others. Our
 children should shine and they should be worked on.
 Their light shines when they are clean within and
 without. It's is only then they will grow into strong
 yogis. This will prevent the growth of troublesome
 teenagers. How can they appreciate Divine love when
 they cannot feel it? When they are caught up they are
 like devils and do not reflect the light of God. They
 associate themselves with horrible music, go clubbing,
 follow fashion trends to please non-sahaj friends and
 do not understand dharma and sahaj protocol. But what
 makes things worse is that parents encourage them.
 They must discipline them to become humble, sincere
 devotees of God.

 We, too, are the same and we must change. We should
 clear out from inside and out. How can Sahaja Yogis
 attend meetings and Puja's when they are so caught up?
 Some do not even take a bath. They should sort
 themselves out. Since having self-realisation, you
 have become like a sponge that has been put into dirty
 water (that being society) - you have to remove the
 worms, the dirt and horrible things so that you can
 grow. Some yogis are very lazy. They're  too busy with
 work, they don't want to burn camphor in the house
 because it will ruin the wallpaper and by these stupid
 things they fall into the trap of negativity. Mother
 has made us into Yogis, not weak cowards who give in
 to negativity. Some even fear negativity - but how can
 you when you know that you are always protected by our
 Mother's love? She created negativity and in the same
 way, she can destroy it.

 We represent Sahaja Yoga and we should promote it. But
 still some yogis, are ashamed to do so. They can't
 talk about Sahaja Yoga because they're too shy and
 they're scared what other people will think. How can
 people call themselves yogis when they don't even talk
 about Sahaja Yoga to their friends and family? Some
 even stick to people who are against Sahaja Yoga. How
 can they support such negative people who talk ill of
 Sahaja Yoga and disrespect Shri Mataji? Do they really
 know who she is? Why do people say Jai Shri Mataji,
 when they don't understand who she is? This
 "lip-service" does not come from the heart. We should
 recognise Her from the heart not from the brain. This
 is very common amongst intellectuals, as they assume
 they know so much but in fact know so little.

 Some yogis use Sahaja Yoga for their own purpose and
 make money out of it. These people do not recognise
 Shri Mataji and do not fear Her. They do not fear God.
 But Mother knows everything. Their time will come. It
 is yet another shame, that those closest to Mother
 fail to fear and recognise Her. Some yogis are given
 responsibilities, but it is through their egos they
 tend to abuse it. They appear to be so close, but yet
 so far.

 Worrying, a problem known to all of us, prevents us
 from surrendering our problems. We should realise that
 it is Mother who controls everything. We do nothing.
 She is the one doing all the work, not us. We should
 learn to surrender our problems to the Adi Shakti -
 She created us and it is Her who can solve the
 problems of it.

 We must ask ourselves if we are real yogis. If we are
 doing wrong we must correct ourselves. We should
 change for the better, so that we become strong Sahaja
 Yogis and clear instruments of the Divine. We should
 have the desire that we should all grow with this
 light and ascend and become devotees of our Mother's
 feet. Forget the past and future and grow in the
 present and follow what we profess. Improve ourselves
 and help others to feel God's love.

 Jai Shri Mataji!


 __________________________________________________
 Do You Yahoo!?
 Yahoo! Photos -- now, 100 FREE prints!
http://photos.yahoo.com 

un1.htm
 

  Óâàæàåìûå Ñàõàäæà Éîãè!
   Îôèöèàëüíî  ñîîáùàåì  Âàì, ÷òî ýëåêòðîííûé àäðåñ union@sahaja.msk.su
   ïðåêðàòèë    ñâîå    ñóùåñòâîâàíèå.    Äåéñòâèòåëåí   òîëüêî   àäðåñ
  inform@sahajnews.mtu-net.ru.   Ïîæàëóéñòà,  ñîîáùèòå  îá  ýòîì  âñåì
  çíàêîìûì.

--
Best regards,
  S.Y. news centre                          mailto:inform@sahajnews.mtu-net.ru
 

unn2.htm
 
  Äîðîãèå Ñàõàäæà Éîãè!
   Ìíîãèå, íàâåðíîå, çíàþò, ÷òî 28 ôåâðàëÿ óøåë îò íàñ Áàáà Ìàìà. Ïî
  ýëåêòðîííîé ïî÷òå ê íàì ïðèøëî ìíîãî òåïëûõ ñëîâ î íåì. Ìû ìîæåì
  ïåðåñëàòü èõ âñåì æåëàþùèì, äëÿ ýòîãî íóæíî ëèøü íàïèñàòü íàì
  ïèñüìî. Îáðàòèòå âíèìàíèå íà áîëüøîé îáúåì ñáîðíèêà - 110Êá.
  
One With Her Eternally
 Baba Mama was asked when had he received his
 Self Realization.It was December 20th 1985.Dr.
 Rustum and Rajesh Shah were discussing,how it can
 be possible that the formless can achieve a form.
 Baba Mama was laughing and said,?That -s too
 much.How can you discuss about something like this?¦
 Dr.Rustum asked Baba Mama if he had received
 his Self Realization already.
 Baba Mama replied,?No.¦
 Rustum said,?Why?You haven -t got your Real-
ization yet?Come,it will only take one second.¦
 Baba Mama laughed,?Shri Mataji didn -t suc-
ceed in this for thirteen years how will you manage
 to do it?¦
 Rustum:?What do you love most and first?
 What is most dear to you?¦
 Baba Mama at once:?My Sister!¦
 Rustum:?What do you love second?¦
 Baba Mama:?Music!¦
 Rustum:?What is for you the epitome,the highest in music?¦
 Baba Mama:?The sound that reaches the audience....¦
 Rustum:?Imagine that Shri Mataji is this sound.¦
 And it made a ?click ¦and he felt the vibrations
 everywhere and the cool breeze above of his head
 and he was full of Joy....
 Rustum started dancing and laughing then.
 LIEBE GRUESSE,Austria


 --
mailto:inform@sahajnews.mtu-net.ru
 

unn3.htm
 
Çäðàâñòâóéòå, óâàæàåìûå ñàõàäæà éîãè!

Ïåðåñûëàåì  Âàì  ïèñüìî Ðàè Ëåâèòàí èç Àìåðèêè. Ýòî åùå íå "îôèöèàëüíûé îò÷åò" î Ïóäæè Øðè
 Àäè  Øàêòè,  êîòîðûé  ìû  ñ  íåòåðïåíèåì  âòîðóþ íåäåëþ æäåì îò íàøèõ çàîêåàíñêèõ áðàòüåâ,
îòâå÷àþùèõ çà íîâîñòè, íî âñå æå äîñòàòî÷íî èíòåðåñíî.

                                     -----------------

Çàâòðà óòðîì ÿ ñ ìëàäøåé äî÷êîé åäó â Ëîñ Àíæåëåñ ïîìîãàòü ïåðååçäó Øðè Ìàòàäæè â Åå íîâûé
 äîì  â  ýòîì  ãîðîäå. Êàê ÿ ïîíèìàþ, ýòîò äîì Îíà êóïèëà äëÿ ñâîåé ñåìüè: âíó÷êè ñ ìóæåì è
 ðåáåíêîì.

Ýòî  íåäàëåêî îò Ëîñ-Àíæåëåñêîãî àøðàìà. Íåñêîëüêî äíåé íàçàä, êîãäà áûëà Ïóäæà, ñîîáùèëè,
÷òî   Øðè   Ìàòàäæè  êóïèëà òàêæå ó÷àñòîê çåìëè â Íüþ-Äæåðñè (òàêæå îêîëî àøðàìà), êîòîðûé
 îíà äîëãî íå ìîãëà êóïèòü - ïî êàêîé-òî ïðè÷èíå â ýòîì îòêàçûâàëè âëàñòè.

Íåìíîæêî  î  Ïóäæå, òî, ÷òî çàïîìíèëà: Øðè Ìàòàäæè ãîâîðèëà î "ýìîöèîíàëüíîì èíòåëëåêòå" -
ýòî  òî,  ÷òî  ìû  äîëæíû  èìåòü. Åñëè ó íàñ åñòü òîëüêî èíòåëëåêò, òî ýòî îçíà÷àåò òîëüêî
 ïðàâóþ ñòîðîíó, à åñëè ó íàñ åñòü òîëüêî ýìîöèè, òî ýòî òîëüêî ëåâàÿ ñòîðîíà. Íî ìû äîëæíû
 îáúåäèíèòü èõ.

Íà ñëåäóþùèé äåíü áûëè ñâàäüáû.

Øðè  Ìàòàäæè  ãîâîðèëà  î âàæíîñòè æåíû êàê äîìîõîçÿéêè - ìàòåðè è æåíû. Îíà ãîâîðèëà, ÷òî
 ìóæ  äîëæåí óâàæàòü æåíó. Åñëè îíà äîìà, òî ó íåå åñòü ìíîãî âðåìåíè äëÿ ñâîèõ äåòåé - è ó
 íèõ  íåò   íèêàêèõ   ïðîáëåì   ñ  æåëóäêîì,  à ýòî îçíà÷àåò, ÷òî îíà çàáîòèòñÿ î õîðîøåé è
 ïîëåçíîé åäå äëÿ ñåìüè.

Òàêæå  Øðè  Ìàòàäæè  ãîâîðèëà, ÷òî ìóæ äîëæåí îòäàâàòü âñå çàðàáîòàííûå äåíüãè æåíå, è îíà
 äîëæíà ðåøèòü, êàê èõ ëó÷øå ïîòðàòèòü.

Âî  âðåìÿ  ñâàäüáû  âñÿ  ñåìüÿ  Øðè Ìàòàäæè áûëà òàì, è, â êîíöå  öåðåìîíèè, åå âíóê íà÷àë
 ñïåøèòü åå ìàëåíüêîãî ïðàâíóêà, è âñå î÷åíü ðàçâåñåëèëèñü.

Âòîðîé  ðàç (ïîñëå Äíÿ Ðîæäåíèÿ) Øðè Ìàòàäæè áûëà ñî ñâîèìè ðîäñòâåííèêàìè è ñ éîãàìè. Âñå
 áûëè ñ÷àñòëèâû.
                                                                                Ðàÿ Ëåâèòàí

--
Best regards,
  S.Y. news centre                          mailto:inform@sahajnews.mtu-net.ru
 

Update on Shri Krishna Puja  Marriages.htm
    
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers and Sisters,

 We are pleased to announce a confirmation of the dates for Shri Mataji's visit to America.

 July 26th - arrive at Newark, New Jersey airport
 July 27, 28, 29 - Shri Krishna Puja at Canajoharie
 July 30 - Marriages at Canajoharie
 August 2 - Public Program at Albany, New York
 August 3 - Travel to Washtington, D.C.
 August 4 - Public Program at Washington Memorial Lawn Mall - Washington, D.C.

 The most convenient way to get to Canajoharie, is to fly directly to Albany, which is still a 90 minute drive away. However, if good airfares can be found to other cities like Washington, D.C., Philadelphia, Boston, Newark or New York city, then of course other transportation options exist for getting to Albany, such as the train (www.amtrak.com), bus (www.greyhound.com), rental car, or ??? More specific information regarding transportation will be forthcoming shortly, but this may help you get started in making your travel arrangements.

 Those wanting to be considered for marriages need to complete an application form and send directly to Manoj Kumar at the address below, or if you can provide a high quality scan of the application, including photograph, then email directly to Manoj. Application forms can be obtained from your country leader or Manoj. All marriage applications must be received by July 20.

 Manoj Kumar
 17 Schuyler St.
 Parsippany, NJ 07054
 USA
 manojkumarusa@hotmail.com

 We look forward to hosting all of our SY brothers and sisters in greater comfort this year (not that you would worried about it of course!) and many are working hard towards that end. Whatever awaits you on the physical level, please know that the love and joy of the collective vibration that can only be found at the feet of our holy Mother is awaiting you for sure!

 Much love and all the best, on behalf of the N.&S. American Collectives 

URGENT Change in Sahajnet Email Distribution.htm

    
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 While it has been, and still is, a pleasure to facilitate communications
 amongst the yogis through sahajnet, the distribution list has grown to
 1,000+ sahaja yogis, which is overwhelming the capabilities of our present
 distribution process. Therefore *all* additions/changes/deletions to
 sahajnet will be made through your country email representative, effective
 immedidately. Please contact that person for *all* email address change
 requests. If you don't know who your email rep is, please contact your
 country leader.

 In addition to address change requests, I receive many requests for
 information that really don't concern requests for broadcasting information
 on sahajnet. While I am able to provide the information in some cases, you
 really should be contacting your country and center leaders for this
 information. By sending me only requests for broadcast, 95% of the hundreds
 of emails I have in my inbox will disappear.

 Honestly, I will miss a lot of the communication I have had with many of
 you, but I really can't respond to all the email address changes, and
 requests for information (of course personal greetings are always welcome).
 However, this should also facilitate better communication within your
 centers, and will certainly allow us to get out the information much
 faster. All of us on the sahajnet team will strive to do our best to be
 sure leaders are well informed, and in a timely manner regarding SY events
 and issues, which should eliminate the need to ask us for the information.

 So to summarize, send *only* information for broadcast to myself and Steve
 Wollenberger <sfwollenberger@yahoo.com>

 Your cooperation is tremendously appreciated, and hopefully the news and
 information will flow more freely and quickly than ever before.

 Much love and all the best from Mark and the Sahajnet Team 

URGENT Diwali News and more.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 A very brief but urgent announcement for those attending Diwali Puja here in America. Please pass the news on to people that you know that are attending. Also, some very nice press coverage from an American newspaper in the Wahington D.C. area.

 Much love from your brother Mark

 ------------------------------------------------

 DIWALI NEWS

 The LA ashram WILL NOT be the sleeping quarters for yogis attending Diwali Puja in LA. It is very important that yogis bring personal tents as sleeping arrangements will most likely be in a local area campground. More information should be forthcoming, however, arrival plans are the same. Go to the airport meeting place described earlier if you are taking collective transportation, or go directly to the new camp if you are providing your own transportation (call or go to LA ashram if you leave before receiving this information).

 ------------------------------------------------

Raising the kundalini, awareness through meditation
By Susan Guynn 
 News-Post Staff 
        
 John Schwartz discusses the seven subtle energy centers identified by Sahaja Yoga Meditation. Sahaja Yoga was founded in India in the 1970s by Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi and is practiced by people in more than 80 nations. (Staff photo by Timothy Jacobsen )

 
  
Every person is born with a kind of spiritual energy, a latent energy waiting to be awakened. That's one of the basic teachings of Sahaja Yoga Meditation. 

 The reservoir that holds this spiritual energy (the kundalini) is the sacrum, located at the base of the spine. Through Sahaja Yoga, the kundalini is said to be awakened and then rises from the sacrum through the spine in a process called self-realization. 

 "Self-realization means raising of the kundalini through your body and becoming one with it," said Steven Marchitelli, a Sahaja Yoga facilitator. Sahaja means "spontaneous" and "born with you." Yoga means "union." 

 "(The kundalini) naturally rises spontaneously once you have the desire to do so," said Mr. Marchitelli, who is a physical therapist. 

 Kundalini is the Hindu name for this spiritual power. "Different religions give it different names," he continued, such as nurturing mother, holy spirit or divine energy. 
 "The important thing is recognizing it's a bigger power than us, an organized power," explained John Schwartz, the facilitator who led a recent meditation session at the Unity Church in Frederick. The weekly meetings are held on Monday evenings at 7:15. 

 The Sahaja Yoga movement took root in India during the 1970s when its founder, Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi, discovered the process for en masse self-realization. Her discovery, she said, allows people to receive this spiritual connection that once was achieved only by a few as the secret was passed from guru to disciple. 
 As Shri Mataji explained, "It is everyone's right to achieve this state of one's evolution and everything necessary is already inbuilt. But as I respect your freedom you have to have the desire to achieve this state, it cannot be forced upon you." 

 As the kundalini rises through the spinal column, the seven subtle energy centers identified by Sahaja Yoga become energized and, with continued meditation, can emit the pure qualities associated with the centers; qualities such as innocence, creativity, self-mastery, compassion, forgiveness and humility. 

 "Meditation settles the mind, gets you silent," said Patricia Hernandez, also a Sahaja facilitator in Frederick. "We (in Western societies) never take time to slow down, be silent and go within." 

 She was introduced to Sahaja Yoga about two years ago, following many years of practicing other forms of meditation, and has been a facilitator of Sahaja for about six months in response, she said, to a strong desire to help others and to share Sahaja Yoga with others. 

 "It was like a bubbling up and overflowing," said Mr. Marchitelli of his desire to tell others about Sahaja Yoga. He is one of three facilitators of the weekly meditation group. 
 "Sahaja is more than meditation," said Ms. Hernandez. "It's almost like going through high school and getting that education, then going on to college and getting advanced knowledge that enhances you more. 

 "The process helps you become spirit, connect to the spirit," she said. "Continual practice helps you continue to connect at all times to the spirit." 

 "Being connected, in earthly terms, is to be in the present moment instead of being in the past or future," explained Mr. Marchitelli. Being "in the present" is a state that can be achieved only through meditation. 

 For some, the connection or realization is obtained with the first meditation, in which prescribed affirmations of a desire to become one with the spirit are expressed inwardly while, at the same time, one hand is placed on specific areas of the body to support the upward movement of the kundalini. 

 "You can actually feel it through your body," said Ms. Hernandez. Some may feel a cool breeze in their palms or above their head, and/or vibrations in the body, hands or feet. 

 "For me it was a defininte advancement to a general feeling of centeredness, a feeling of bliss," she described. 
 "Peaceful contentment," an "even keel" and "calm" are the words Mr. Marchitelli used to describe his realization. "Outer concerns don't have the charge anymore. I'm flowing in and through life as opposed to being attached to it." 

 Each of the subtle energy centers, or main chakras, are located along the spine and correspond to seven major nerve plexuses in the physical body. This subtle system, said Mr. Marchitelli, is like the roots of a tree. "You don't see the roots, yet the roots are its life source." If the roots are "attacked" the life of the tree is affected. 
 Each energy center, according to Sahaja Yoga, governs different aspects of the physical body, spirit, personality and life which can lead to emotional balance, better physical health, inner peace and improved relationships.
  
 For example, the second energy center, Swadisthan, governs the aortic plexis and abdomen, and is associated with creativity and knowledge. The Anahat, the fourth center, governs the cardiac plexus, heart and lungs, and is associated with qualities of security and compassion. The brain is governed by the seventh center, Sahastrara, and the qualities of peace and enlightenment. The opening of this chakra en-masse is credited to Shri Mataji. 
 "There are some divine inner qualities we have that get mucked up," said Ms. Hernandez. The meditation and cleansing techniques, she said, "clear the muck out and bring the divine qualities out. 

 "Ultimately you become your own master. You'll know what is right for you," she said. "You'll know innately if a book is right for you or if a TV show is right for you." 
 As an artist, Mr. Schwartz says he has experienced enhanced creativity and concentration through Sahaja Yoga. "I have found more balance in my life," he said. In the collective atmosphere of a meeting, participants can get assistance in balancing their own vibrations and can learn how to help others obtain balance as well, he said. 

 In medical studies conducted in India, Australia and Russia, Sahaja Yoga Meditation has been shown to have direct action on the autonomic nervous system. Earlier this year, Shri Mataji spoke to medical professionals at the National Institutes of Health in Washington, D.C., on Sahaja meditation and the reported health benefits experienced by some people using the techniques. 

 "Kundalini is a mother energy," said Mr. Schwartz. "It knows what to do." 

URGENT Diwali Puja Venu Change.htm
    
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 The venu in Los Angeles for the Diwali Puja has been changed to the Lake
 Piru Recreation Area. Sleeping, meals and puja will all take place at Lake
 Piru. The directions from Los Angeles International airport (LAX) are as
 follows:

 * Take Century Blvd to I-405 North
 * Take I-405 North to I-5 North
 * Take I-5 North and exit at Castaic Junction
 * Take Hwy 126 West (to Fillmore)
 * Before you reach Fillmore, take Piru Canyon Road to Lake Piru Recreation
 Area (about 6 miles from highway)
 * Yogis will be there to greet you and give more detailed information

 If you prefer, maps to the camp will also be at the collective meeting area
 at LAX (Tom BRADLEY Terminal (International Terminal, between Terminal 3
 and 4) level of the ARRIVALS there is a seating area in between "La
 Cantina" Hot Dog Station) for those renting cars and driving to the camp on
 their own. For those taking collective transportation, nothing has changed.
 Just go to the collective meeting area and wait for the next SY transport
 to Lake Piru.

 Also, you will still need to bring your personal tent.

 Much love and all the best from the Diwali Puja organizers!  

URGENT from Theater of Eternal Values (TEV).htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 A couple of messages regarding the TEV's production of the opera, "The Magic Flute" which will be presented in America at Canajoharie, Adi Shakti Puja weekend, then later in New York City, and ??? Please don't forget the second announcement regarding the request for musicians.

 Much love and all the best,

 Mark




 THEATRE OF ETERNAL VALUES



 Wonderful, important and urgent news from TEV


Following the varied and rewarding activities of TEV last year, detailed in Victor’s July 1999 Newsletter, and funded by many people from different countries and collectives, this new year of 2000 sees the launch of an extremely important project which really needs the support of everyone, where-ever they may be.

 Shri Mataji was so taken with the production of “The Magic Flute” at Sahasrara Puja last year, that she asked the Austrians to take this opera to the USA.   In order to fulfil this request, TEV has been reformed and now, more powerful than ever, is filled with the desire to bring tremendous vibrations to the land of Shri Krishna in accordance with the wishes of Our Holy Mother.

 Over 80 Sahaja Yogis, who are professional singers, actors and musicians from all over the world, will be presenting this new production of “The Magic Flute” on the evening before the Adi Shakti Puja at Canojoharie;  Mozart’s operatic masterpiece tells the story of good and evil, true love and proper dharma in a wonderful and enlightening way.  Then, the production will be transferred to a theatre in New York City, found by SY’s with Shri Mataji’s blessings, thus fulfilling one of Our  Holy Mother’s desires that a wider public may be reached through the medium of the arts.

 We in TEV cannot adequately express our excitement and joy that we are coming to the USA with this production, for we have felt the rush of vibrations which one can receive and give  whilst performing to the public through our experiences with “The Imaginary Invalid”.   On so many occasions w have noticed the joyful and shining expressions on the faces of the audience.

 We have already received tremendous help from the Austrians and Germans;  we need to start sewing the costumes (about 50 needed) and to construct the stage set for rehearsals which resume next month.   Any practical help will be warmly welcomed and you should get in touch with Martin Kirchbaumer.

 During the run of “The Imaginary Invalid”, The Theatre of Eternal Values was very generously supported by the collectives of the hosting countries whenever there was a shortfall of receipts over production expenses.   Negotiations for our longer term funding continue but the avenues of European and other supporting agencies are labyrinthine and the process is a lengthy one and we shall therefore need to call on your financial support once again.

 TEV artists will be paying their own flights to the USA, but naturally, we would like to put on more performances of “TheMagic Flute” in other parts of the USA and in any country which would like to welcome us.   If you think there is an opportunity in your country please let us know, but in any case may we ask all who can,to perhaps make a contribution (ideally a regular one) to help with the funding.   Any amount, however modest, would be an enormous help.

 So if you think you can help financially or practically, please let us know and contact martin.kirchbaumer@yline.com  or Ian Maitland Hume, email:  immh@holyrood.ed.ac.uk for further information.   Many thanks,

 Jai Shri Mataji!

 --------------------------------------

 URGENT: Musicians Needed!!!

 The Magic Flute producers are looking for anybody who is a professional player or close to that level and can come to the Adi Shakti puja (June 10-11). Those interested can contact Vienna at:
gwirth@wsk.at or 
 fax + 43 2722 67814 or +43 1 216 3942 53
 Tel +43 2722 67814 or +43 1 216 3942 14

 Here is the list of instruments which are needed for the orchestra:
 2 flutes 
 2 oboes 
 2 clarinets 
 2 bassoons 
 2 horns 
 2 trumpets 
 1 timpano 
 3 trombones 
 10 violins 
 4 violas 
 3 chellos 
 1 contrabass

 Thank you, Jürgen 

Urgent Message.htm
    
GANESHA PUJA 2001  CABELLA

 Dear Brothers and Sisters,

 It was one of the most emotionally and spiritually elevating puja weekends that I have been to.

 The first official program was the entertainment evening on Friday night. The Rumanian collective along with Simple charged the whole atmosphere with great joy while everyone awaited the Great Goddess.

 Everyone observed a standing two minutes silence along with Shri Mataji as a mark of love and  respect for all the innocent victims of this inhumane tragedy. Later, Shri Mataji-s letter to George Bush the President of the United States of America was read aloud where She urged him to act against the cowardly acts of evil doers as an act of redemption from evil. She blessed him with all courage and power to destroy the cowards who have perpetrated the most heinous crime.

 All our heart goes out to all our brothers and sisters of America during these difficult times.

 It is to be seen that only a handful of men fully blinded by hatred can  destroy a vast number of innocent and good human beings. Sahaj yoga has also been terrorised by a very small number of evil idiots who are spiritual drop-outs, who failed in their attempt to achieve divine. The global war against all terrorists has already began. 

 The time has come for all Sahaj Yogis to take up arms of all their spiritual powers, courage, dedication and wisdom together with Love , devotion and sincerity. The time has come where we have to stand up and say ?Yes¦ we are Sahaj yogis whose lives have been blessed by the Goddess herself and fight with any negativity that is affecting Sahaj Yoga anywhere in the world..

 Let us pray to our Divine mother to grant us all the courage, wisdom, knowledge and powers to take part in this modern Mahabharat.

 Jai Shri Mataji

 Avinash Nichkawde   

Urgent Request Project 2800.htm


 Project 2800



After the recent Diwali Puja in Los Angeles, during a discussion it was mentioned to our Divine Mother that there are 128 pages against Sahaja Yoga on the Internet (this number does not reflect separate sites, but rather the total number of the pages in these sites). Shri Mataji then replied that this is done by only a handful of negative people, and why don’t the Sahaja Yogis put up 2800 positive pages about Sahaja Yoga. With our limited perspective, a few of us later on tried to think about the magic of this divine number mentioned by our Divine Mother  it is not only 7 x 4 x 100 which is very auspicious, but also a bit over 128 x 21.

 This sparked a new initiative  “Project 2800”  the task of creating 2800 personal Sahaja Yoga web sites by Ganapatipule 2001 when they will be presented to Shri Mataji. The time is short (1 month) but by Her Divine Grace and with our devotion and dedication to overpower the negative sites and show the world what Sahaja Yoga truly is, we are sure that this high aim can be fulfilled. This is a mission requested by the Adi Shakti and a great chance for us to join Her as Her soldiers of Divine Love.

 A. And here is the idea:
-       All Sahaja Yogis on Sahajnet can put up personal Sahaj sites (since we are about 1500, two sites per person will be needed to reach our goal) according to a template that is provided  see below. Straightforward instructions for easy setup are also provided below. Since we estimate that 2 weeks should be enough for the sites to be set up, our goal is that this process will be completed by December 10.
-       In addition to the personal web sites, country webmasters and/or country email reps are encouraged to take advantage of this opportunity and set up web sites for each center within their country, following the same template for personal sites to be described below, or alternatively a template that can be downloaded as a package from http://sahajayoga.org/packageCountryTemplate.zip. This will not only increase further our web presence but will also help organize in a much better way our Worldwide Contacts section under sahajayoga.org.
-       Simple instructions for an effortless promotion of each site will be broadcast the latest by December 10. Each person will then promote their own site(s) and by the time the seminar in Ganapatipule will start, all sites will be finalized and promoted, ready to be presented to our Divine Mother.
-       As detailed as the instructions below will be, we are sure that there may still be some questions, and we are asking for the kind help and assistance of all country webmasters and email reps in providing guidance to all Sahaja Yogis in their collectives on such questions and helping drive the project forward.

 B. Be prepared for Incentives! 
-       Yogis are encouraged to set up more than two sites (after setting up one, setting up a number of them will be easy, the only part remaining to be done differently being the main text which can be stories from your own experience with Sahaja Yoga, or a Sahaj topic of your choice such as a presentation of a chakra, etc.). 
-       Every Sahaja Yogi who sets up three sites or more will receive a “Sahaj Webmaster Certificate”. This is a chance of a lifetime, not to speak of the punyas we will all reap from this project requested by our Divine Mother, so don’t let this pass you!

 C. Creating a personal site - overview:
-       First, finding a server i.e. a place where to put the files making up your web site. Your ISP (company that gives you access to the Internet) may give you some Megabytes of web space (even 1 MB will be enough for our purpose) included in the fee you’re paying for internet access, in which case you can ask them about the details of transferring files to their web server; or, you could take advantage of the many free web hosting services out there (listed below) to upload your files for free on their web server.
-       The template that can be used for all such sites (although you are welcome to change it and bring your own design if you want to) can be seen at http://sahajayoga.org/template/. As can be seen, the only part to be changed here (see details below) is the text to be inserted with either your own story or a presentation on a topic of Sahaja Yoga knowledge, benefits, etc. Posting excerpts from puja talks is not encouraged due to copyright issues and also the potential of the contents being too strong for first time visitors (especially from the West).
-       Another part we encourage every site owner to update are the META tags which will help the search engines rank your site highly on relevant searches  to be discussed later. A web site, once created, is only as good as it can become visible and found by the seekers, and in our particular case, also pushing down the list as many anti-SY sites as possible.
-       Finally, an important part for promoting all personal sites together is the fact that, while most links on the front page of each such site point back to the main pages of sahajayoga.org, there is a particular link called “Links” which will point to a local page i.e. residing on the same web server as your front page. This page will contain links to ALL thousands of personal Sahaj sites that will be created. How will this be achieved? Very simple: Calin (calin@nortelnetworks.com) will keep a master copy of this list at http://sahajayoga.org/template/related_pages_list.htmlwhich will be updated every time a new personal site is created, and you will simply download this page regularly and upload it onto your own server. This will mean that every single site of ours will be linked to every other site, which will boost the ranking of all of them in search engines. Quite a collective enterprise, isn’t it?

 D. Details for site creation:
1.      Finding a web server to host your site. 
 If your ISP (Internet Service Provider) gives you even a small amount of web space, it is best to use it since it will be banner free, you don’t have to sign up, and you also probably have some technical support for it from your ISP who might give you some basic help for transferring files, etc. Otherwise, feel free to contact your country webmaster or email rep for more help on this (if you are not sure who your country email rep is, ask your leader since every country has an email representative). If you cannot obtain this information this way, as a last resort, the Canadian Sahaj team has graciously offered to help with this type of questions  their email address is sywebteam@SahajaYoga.ca, but please use it only if all else fails.

 If your ISP doesn’t give you any web space or if you don’t have an ISP, you can choose from any of the following free web hosting services (the disadvantage is that most of them will pop up banners on your site, but that’s ok):
www.f2s.com 
www.geocities.com
www.tripod.com
www.freeservers.com
www.freehomepage.com
www.freewebsiteproviders.com
 homepages.msn.com
 home.light.att.net
 angelfire.lycos.com
www.tripod.lycos.co.uk
 free.prohosting.com
www.50megs.com
www.1accesshost.com
www.1colony.com
www.0costhost.com
www.fortunecity.co.uk
www.bravenet.com/index.php
 (more can be found out by doing a search for free web hosting).

 You will need to create an account with them which should only take a few minutes (all of them have instructions on their web sites on how to do so), and then follow their instructions to upload the files from your hard drive to their site. The upside is that uploading your files to such a site, using the web browser, is most of the time much more painless than typing the above FTP commands (no commands will be necessary here, just follow the instructions given on the site).

2.      Get the package with the template files.
 Now that you are ready to upload files, first get them to your local computer by downloading them packaged as a single file from http://sahajayoga.org/template/package.zip. This file has only 30KB and should download on your computer very fast. Save it in a newly created folder on your hard drive, let’s call it C:\MyWebFiles (in short, MyWebFiles).

3.      Unzip the package on your hard drive.
 Probably the easiest is to right-click on the package.zip file, select “Extract to folder C:\MyWebFiles\Package” and it will create a new subfolder of MyWebFiles called “Package” and place all files there. You can then move them back to MyWebFiles and delete the emptied Package folder if you want to.

4.      Upload the files to the server.
 Using either FTP or the browser, upload your files to the web server and test it out: point your browser to the web address where your site will be (either your ISP or your free web hosting site will tell you this address) and you should see exactly what is currently at http://sahajayoga.org/template/. The difference is that this one will be your own site that you can edit and modify at any time!

5.      Edit the MyWebFiles\index.html file on your hard drive.
 First of all, here’s how you can open an HTML file such as “index” for editing (you should never need to manually edit the “related_pages_list” file because you will download this from the sahajayoga.org server as post it on your server as such): while holding Shift down, right-click on the file and select “Open With…”, then as a window will pop up with a list of programs, select “Notepad” from the list and click OK to close that window. You can now make the following edits to the “index” file from within Notepad (simply save the file and quit Notepad when you are finished).
-       Insert the page title.
 In Notepad, go to the part where it says “### insert page title here…” and replace that whole text contained in between the <TITLE> and </TITLE> tags by a title you would like that page to be known by to the world. For example: “My Self-Realization experience in Sahaja Yoga”, or “Sahaja Yoga meditation, the answer within”, or “Sahaja Yoga  my story”, or, “Shri Mataji’s method of Sahaja Yoga”, or “Explanation of Mooladhara chakra according to Sahaja Yoga meditation”, etc. These are just suggestions  the title should not be too long and should definitely contain either the words “Sahaja Yoga” or “Shri Mataji”, or both. It is also great if you can include the word “meditation” as part of the title. The title is important for the search engines and you want your page to come up when people search for keywords such as “Shri Mataji”, “Sahaja Yoga”, “meditation”, or simply “yoga” (which is automatically included if you include the words “Sahaja Yoga”).
-       Insert your story, taglines, and optionally an email address.
- Let’s start with the email address. If you want to provide a contact for seekers to write to you, first of all I would recommend not giving your main address but one you use for receiving “junk mail” (e.g. a hotmail or yahoo one). To do so, go to the place where it says “### optional”, delete these words (“### optional”) and replace the yogi@email.com by your own address. If you decide not to give an email address, simply delete that line containing the email address.
 - Then, go to the Copyright section (where it says ### insert your name here) and put there your name, nickname, initials, first name or whatever you feel inspired to identify yourself by.
- Then, go to “### insert title e.g. My Experience In Sahaja Yoga” and replace that by the heading that will show at the top of the page  not to be confused with the <TITLE>, though it may well be the same as the <TITLE> you updated earlier.
- Next, insert your name or initials where it says “### insert your name (or initials) and city or country here”.
- Next, delete the entire passage that goes “### pick any image, for example from <A
 HREF=http://sahajayoga.org/template_images/>here</A>”. This is just a reminder that you can insert a different picture of Shri Mataji, and in fact it is a great idea to do so since otherwise all our sites will look pretty much identical (they will look similar anyway because of the rest of the links, color schemes, etc. which are identical). To use a different picture, simply replace the “ShriMatajiNew2” JPG file by any other JPG file with Shri Mataji’s photograph, either from your hard drive or by downloading one. You can download one by clicking on the “here” link at sahajayoga.org/template, and then right-clicking on any image and selecting Save As. Make sure you save it in your same folder (MyWebFiles) and under the same name “ShriMatajiNew2.jpg”.
- Finally, update the “optional title”, and then set off to write your story. Make sure you don’t go over the </TABLE> tag. Use the <P> tag to create new paragraphs.
-       Update the META tags.
 Now that you’ve written your text, you’re ready to update the META tags accordingly for the search engines to find it. You may have noticed that the Title is in the Header section at the top of the file, which is included between the <HEAD> and </HEAD> tags. In the same section at the top you will find two META tags  one called “description” (feel free to replace the description of Sahaja Yoga given here by your own, relevant to the text you have put in), and one called “keywords”. Feel free to update this last one as well, by increasing or shortening the list of keywords, and by starting with the most relevant ones (and what you think would be most popular keywords related to Sahaja Yoga/meditation/spirituality that people would search for).

 To finish this stage of updating your local files, using your web browser, download the latest list of links from http://sahajayoga.org/template/related_pages_list.html. This is done by going to this address and after it loads completely into your browser, click on File->Save As and save it over your “related_pages_list” file in your MyWebFiles folder. You are now ready to upload your files to the server!

6.      Upload your updated files.
 As before (step 4). Then take a look again at the site and make sure it looks like you want it to. You can keep editing the files on your hard drive and re-uploading them as many times as you want. 

7.      Create the second site.
 Finally, pick another story or Sahaj topic, duplicate the MyWebFiles folder into MyWebFiles2, add your story in the index.html file there, and create a new web site, since in order to reach the 2800 sites goal everyone needs to create two sites.
 Creating another site with your ISP involves creating a subdirectory in your regular directory on their web server (you can ask them how to do it, it’s just another command  most probably “mkdir story2”), and then repeat the file transfer procedure there (if before you did a “cd public_html” to put your files on the server, now you will need to do a “cd public_html/story2”). Accordingly, your second site’s address (URL) will have a “/story2” at the end.
 With free web hosting sites, you may or may not be able to create a subdirectory  if not, create another account and upload the new set of files there.

8.      Let Calin know immediately of the URLs (exact web addresses) of your two sites.
 He will add them to the master list of links to all personal Sahaj sites.

 After this, download the latest list of links from sahajayoga.org regularly (say once every couple days, since it will be updated very frequently).

 One more noteworthy point to mention is that many families of Sahaja Yogis have only one email address on Sahajnet, but all members of the family are encouraged to share their stories and create separate web sites. No matter how much energy the few individuals setting up anti-Sahaj web sites have spent, by our sheer numbers and above all the blessings of our Divine Mother, all their pages will be pushed down in the search engines and fall into oblivion. JAI SHRI MATAJI !

 Good luck!

 E. Electronically promoting the sites you have just created.
 Details on this will be broadcast soon  by December 10th the latest.


Urgent Response to sy.research@swissonline.com.htm

Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Sahaja Yog brothers and sisters, 
  
 Most of you have probably received an unfortunate email marked as 
 "Historical Photo of Shri Mataji". This message was sent out by the same 
 handful of people who have been trying to disturb Sahaja Yoga for the past 
 ten years with their artfully fabricated half-truths, twisted reports and 
 outright lies about Sahaja Yoga and their experiences with Sahaja Yoga. 
 Unfortunately they have successfully procured our email list and have 
 gotten  access to us individually through email. 
  
 In this case they have tried to upset us with the notion that Shri Mataji 
 visited the camp of this horrible guru. As we know, Shri Mataji has 
 retold this encounter for years, and how Her disgust with the falsehood She 
 saw there compelled Her to open the Sahasrara and begin the work of Sahaja 
 Yoga.

 We have never in any way tried to hamper these anti-Sahaj people in 
 their activities or their beliefs, in fact we have never even responded 
 to their attacks directly. But at this point we feel that they have gone too far 
 in their lack of respect  for our beliefs and in their vicious attacks on what is for 
 us the greatest, most elevating blessing we could have ever dreamed of.
  
 This small group of  people, who have either left Sahaj or been thrown out due to 
 behavior  which was incompatible with the values of Sahaj (adultery, for 
 example),  appear to be so full of resentment and a need to justify themselves 
 that they have launched this unfortunate attack with an obsessive zeal. 
  
 We on the Sahajnet team want to assure you that first of all, we are 
 looking into possibilities for a more secure email system for Sahaja Yoga, 
 so that we may continue to joyfully share news and inspiration via the 
 internet without being subjected to such offensive material. 

 Secondly, we would like to assure you that we will issue a more detailed response 
 to the allegations of these people, so that every Sahaja Yogi understands the 
 facts related to them. 
  
 With love and respect, 
  
 The Sahajnet Team 
  
Visa Invitations for Diwali Puja.htm
    
Jai Shri MatajI!

 Dear brothers and sisters,

 As the time for the most auspicious event of Diwali Puja to be held in Los
 Angeles is quickly approaching, we would like to bring to your attention
 some information related to visa invitations which need to be sent well in
 advance to the US consulates for processing.

 All Sahaja Yogis who require visas for entry in the US are requested to
 kindly send by email to Dorothy at: JimdotJay@aol.com 
 a centralized list per country with the following information for each
 person coming to the Diwali Puja:

 - full name
 - date of birth
 - passport number and expiration date (important)
 - address (preferably)

 Please also include in the email the fax no of the US consulate in your
 country where the above listed persons will apply for visa, as well as the
 period of time for which they are all collectively applying. The Puja
 seminar dates are October 26-29.

 Another important aspect is that these invitations which will be faxed from
 America to the US consulates will not be sufficient for the visas to be
 issued - in addition, each person must still apply for visa separately
 using the appropriate procedures of the local consulate. We hope that the
 invitations will help speed up the visa process and look forward very much
 to receiving you in Los Angeles !

 JAY SHRI MATAJI !

 P.S. You may fax the information to Dorothy (1-215-924-9699), but email is
 preferred. 

Visas for America.htm
Jai Shri Mataji! 

 Dear Brother and Sisters, 
 As the dates for Shri Krishna Puja have changed and to avoid any further delay, we need to ensure that the US Consulate gets all the information they would like to consider before issuing the visa. We therefore request our international brothers and sisters to send their email, furnishing all the following information for the visa invitation:

Name 
Sex 
Nationality 
Date of birth 
Passport number 
Date of issue 
Date of expiry 
Place of issue 
Address

Also please include the fax number of the US Consulate, where the invitation is to be faxed. If the yogi(ni) wishes to take it to the Consulate by himself/herself, then he/she can provide his/her fax number. Else, the invitation will be scanned and forwarded as an email attachment.

 Thank you for your kind attention. 

 With much love and respect,

 Your sister Ibu. 
 anandi108@yahoo.com

WEBPUB.HTM
Jai Shri Mataji,
Brothers And Sisters,
Be With Sahaja Yoga for total Peace,
Harmony and Joy.Be with us now the
Chennai(Madras,India) Collective to Share
one of Shri Mataji's talk in our web mail
Publication:SRI CHAKRA where we wish to share
Every Fortnight one talk of Shri Mataji's .
This Week We present:
MEDITATION
http://www.clickindia.com/balu/webmail/sereq.htm
-----the Individual journey towards Collectivity and Bliss
POOJA IN SYDNEY 14 March 1983
Let us expand ourselves globally with 
internet communication to become beautiful
Lotuses and Please our Divine Mother.
WITH LOVE
CHENNAI (INDIA ) YOGIS
 SRI CHAKRA
SAHAJA YOGA(Chennai) WEB MAIL COMMUNICATION SHRI MATAJI NIRMALA DEVI
Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi
ONLINE MEDITATION ROOM
 SAHAJA YOGA CHENNAI(MADRAS,INDIA)
SAHAJA YOGA INDIA
 INTERNATIONAL PAGE
SAHAJA YOGA WORLD
Shri Mataji's talk
 
WPJUNE3.HTM
http://www.clickindia.com/balu/june/adi1.htm

Yet another date for Shri Krishna Puja.htm
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Please hold your applause, the play has not yet finished. The dates for Shri Krishna Puja have changed once again to July 27-29 to accomodate the Washington D.C. public program on Aug 4th. Since the concrete of these dates has not quite hardened, advice from Manoj is to wait until the weekend before booking your tickets. More information forthcoming soon.

 On behalf of Manoj and all the American collectives, much love and all the best! 

Áåçûìÿííîå âëîæåíèå.htm

 
Ñïèñîê àþðâåäè÷åñêèõ ëåêàðñòâ, îòîáðàííûõ Øðè Ìàòàäæè.
Èõ ìîæíî çàêàçàòü ïî àäðåñó Ìîñêâà, 117607á, à/ÿ N6, ëèáî ïî
 ýëåêòðîííîé ïî÷òå.

1. ANTI ARTHRITIS
Ïîêàçàíèÿ: àðòðèò.
Ïðèìåíåíèå: Äâàæäû â äåíü âòèðàòü â áîëüíóþ îáëàñòü è ìàññèðîâàòü. Òîëüêî äëÿ íàðóæíîãî ïðèìåíåíèÿ.
Öåíà: 90 ðóáëåé.

2. ANTI PIMPLES
Ïîêàçàíèÿ: ïðûùè.
Ïðèìåíåíèå: Âûìûòü ëèöî òåïëîé âîäîé, âûòåðåòü è íàíåñòè êðåì íà ëèöî. Äâà ðàçà â äåíü.
Öåíà: 45 ðóáëåé.

3. BURNHEAL
Ïîêàçàíèÿ: îæîãè è íåáîëüøèå ðàíû.
Ïðèìåíåíèå: Íåæíî íàíåñòè íà ïîâðåæäåííóþ îáëàñòü. Ïðåäîòâðàùàåò èíôåêöèþ.
Öåíà: 45 ðóáëåé.

4. GUMSCARE
Ïîêàçàíèÿ: óõîä çà äåñíàìè.
Ïðèìåíåíèå: Âçÿòü ïîëîâèíó ÷àéíîé ëîæêè, íàíåñòè íà äåñíû è ñëåãêà ïîìàññèðîâàòü. ×åðåç äâàäöàòü ìèíóò ïðîïîëîñêàòü âîäîé.
Öåíà: 180 ðóáëåé.

5. ANTI DIABETES
Ïîêàçàíèÿ: óìåíüøàåò ñîäåðæàíèå ñàõàðà áåç èçìåíåíèÿ ïèòàíèÿ, ñíèæàåò ñòðåññ.
Ïðèìåíåíèå: Ðàçìåøàòü îäíó ÷àéíóþ ëîæêó â êîêîñîâîì ìîëî÷êå èëè êèïÿ÷åíîé âîäå (ïîëñòàêàíà) è ïèòü íà ãîëîäíûé æåëóäîê êàæäîå óòðî. Ýôôåêòèâíîñòü ëå÷åíèÿ óñèëèâàåòñÿ ïðè óïîòðåáëåíèè îâîùåé ñ áîëüøèìè ëèñòüÿìè (êàïóñòà, êèòàéñêèé ñàëàò è ò.ï.).
Öåíà: 180 ðóáëåé.

6. HEART TONE
Ïîêàçàíèÿ: î÷èùàåò ñîñóäû ñåðäöà. Âñå ïðîáëåìû, ñâÿçàííûå ñ ñåðäöåì. Áëîêèðîâêà ñåðäå÷íîé ÷àêðû.
Ïðèìåíåíèå: Îäíó ÷àéíóþ ëîæêó ëåêàðñòâà òùàòåëüíî ïåðåìåøàòü ñ ñàõàðíûì ñèðîïîì, äîáàâèòü ñòàêàí õîëîäíîãî ìîëîêà. Ñìåñü êèïÿòèòü íà ìàëåíüêîì îãíå, ïîêà îáúåì íå óìåíüøèòñÿ íà ïîëîâèíó. Ïðèíèìàòü óòðîì è âå÷åðîì.
Öåíà: 180 ðóáëåé.

7. WORMKILLER
Ïîêàçàíèÿ: ýôôåêòèâíîå ñðåäñòâî ïðîòèâ ãëèñòîâ, òîíèçèðóåò î÷èñòèòåëüíóþ ñèñòåìó.
Ïðèìåíåíèå: Ñìåøàòü îäíó ÷àéíóþ ëîæêó ïîðîøêà ñ îäíîé ÷àéíîé ëîæêîé êîíöåíòðèðîâàííîãî ëèìîííîãî ñîêà. Äâà ðàçà â äåíü.
Öåíà: 180 ðóáëåé.

8. LIVETONE
Ïîêàçàíèÿ: âñå ïðîáëåìû ïå÷åíè.
Ïðèìåíåíèå: Ðàçìåøàòü îäíó ÷àéíóþ ëîæêó â ñòàêàíå âîäû. Ïèòü ïîñëå îáåäà è óæèíà.
Öåíà: 180 ðóáëåé.

9. STRESS RELIEF
Ïîêàçàíèÿ: ñòðåññ, íàïðÿæåíèå, óñòàëîñòü, äåïðåññèÿ.
Ïðèìåíåíèå: Îäíà ÷àéíàÿ ëîæêà ïîñëå îáåäà è óæèíà. Çàïèâàòü âîäîé. Ìîæíî äîáàâëÿòü ñàõàð ïî âêóñó.
Öåíà: 180 ðóáëåé.



10. PILES CURE
Ïîêàçàíèÿ: ãåìîððîé.
Ïðèìåíåíèå: ×åòâåðòü ëîæêè áåëîãî ïîðîøêà ðàçìåøàòü â îäíîì ñòàêàíå ìîëîêà è âûïèòü óòðîì íà ãîëîäíûé æåëóäîê.
Çåëåíûé ïîðîøîê: òîëüêî äëÿ íàðóæíîãî ïðèìåíåíèÿ. Ñäåëàòü æèäêóþ ïàñòó, èñïîëüçóÿ âîäó. Íàìàçàòü ïîâðåæäåííóþ îáëàñòü.
Öåíà: 180 ðóáëåé.

11. STOMACHSOOTHER
Ïîêàçàíèÿ: äèàðåÿ, êîëèêè, ôîðìèðîâàíèå ãàçîâ, ïðîáëåìû êèøå÷íèêà, êèñëîòíûé áàëàíñ. Óñïîêàèâàåò âîëíåíèÿ â Îêåàíå Èëëþçèé.
Ïðèìåíåíèå: Îäíó ëîæêó ïîðîøêà ðàçìåøàòü â ñòàêàíå âîäû. Äàòü ïîñòîÿòü äâàäöàòü ìèíóò. Äîáàâèòü ñàõàð è âûïèòü ïåðåä ñíîì. Äâà èëè òðè ðàçà â äåíü êóøàòü ìåä.
Öåíà: 180 ðóáëåé.

12. ANTI TONSILIT
Ïîêàçàíèÿ: ýôôåêòèâíîå ñðåäñòâî ïðîòèâ òîíçèëèòà è ñâÿçàííûõ ñ ýòèì ïðîáëåì.
Ïðèìåíåíèå: Ðàçìåøàòü îäíó ÷àéíóþ ëîæêó ïîðîøêà â îäíîì ëèòðå âîäû. Äîâåñòè äî êèïåíèÿ. Îñòàâèòü êèïåòü íà ìàëîì îãíå íåêîòîðîå âðåìÿ. Îõëàäèòü è ïîëîñêàòü ãîðëî 4 ðàçà â äåíü.
Öåíà: 180 ðóáëåé.

13. GOOD NIGHT
Ïîêàçàíèÿ: áåññîííèöà, ñòðåññ.
Ïðèìåíåíèå: Ïîëîâèíà ëîæêè íà 25 ìë âîäû è 25 ìë ìîëîêà. Ðàçìåøàòü. Äîáàâèòü ñàõàð ïî âêóñó. Êèïÿòèòü íà ìàëîì îãíå äî óìåíüøåíèÿ îáúåìà íàïîëîâèíó. Îõëàäèòü. Ïèòü ïî îäíîé ÷àéíîé ëîæêå ïîñëå îáåäà è óæèíà. Èçáåãàòü ïèùè ñî ñïåöèÿìè.
Öåíà: 180 ðóáëåé.

14. ANTI ACID
Ïîêàçàíèÿ: ïîâûøåííàÿ êèñëîòíîñòü, ÿçâà.
Ïðèìåíåíèå: Îäíà ÷àéíàÿ ëîæêà ïîðîøêà íà ñòàêàí âîäû. Ïèòü ïîñëå îáåäà è óæèíà.
Öåíà: 180 ðóáëåé.

15. COLD BALM
Ïîêàçàíèÿ: ïðîñòóäà, íàñìîðê.
Ïðèìåíåíèå: Àêêóðàòíî íàíîñèòü íà îáëàñòü ãîðëà, íîñà è ãðóäè. Ìîæíî âäûõàòü, ðàñòâîðèâ íåáîëüøîå êîëè÷åñòâî áàëüçàìà â êèïÿùåé âîäå.
Öåíà: 90 ðóáëåé.

16. PAIN BALM (òîëüêî äëÿ âçðîñëûõ)
Ïîêàçàíèÿ: äåéñòâóåò êàê "Çâåçäî÷êà".
Ïðèìåíåíèå: Àêêóðàòíî íàíåñòè íà îáëàñòü ëáà è øåè, èñïîëüçóÿ íåáîëüøîå êîëè÷åñòâî, ÷òîáû èçáåæàòü ðàçäðàæåíèÿ.
Öåíà: 90 ðóáëåé.

17. MASSAGE BALM
Ïîêàçàíèÿ: ñíèæàåò íàïðÿæåíèå è óñòàëîñòü â ìóñêóëàõ, ñíèìàåò áîëü â ñóñòàâàõ.
Ïðèìåíåíèå: Àêêóðàòíî íàíåñòè íà íåîáõîäèìûå îáëàñòè.
Öåíà: 90 ðóáëåé.

  Íàïîìèíàåì óòî÷íåííûå öåíû íà êîíôåðåíöèþ:
  Ìîñêâè÷è - 300 ð.
  Ñòóäåíòû - 50  ð.
  Ïðèåçæèå - 200 ð.
Íàäååìñÿ âñåõ âàñ óâèäåòü.


--  

--
Best regards,
  S.Y. news centre                          mailto:inform@sahajnews.mtu-net.ru
 

Âåñòè èç Òîëüÿòòè.htm
 
                                Âåñòè

12 èþíÿ 2000               ã.Òîëüÿòòè                              ¦33

 "Ïåðåñòàíüòå  ñîìíåâàòüñÿ  â  ñåáå  è ñìåëî èäèòå âïåðåä, ñîáëþäàÿ âñå
 ìàðèàäû Ñàõàäæà Éîãè. Âû ìîæåòå äåëàòü ÷òî óãîäíî, âû ìîæåòå æèòü òàê,
êàê  âàì  çàáëàãîðàññóäèòñÿ,  âû  ìîæåòå  åñòü  âñå,  ÷òî çàõîòèòå, íî
 ãëàâíâÿ  ìàðèàäà  ñîñòîèò  â òîì, ÷òî âû äîëæíû áûòü âûñîêîìîðàëüíûìè,
÷åñòíûìè  ëþäüìè,  à òàêæå òî, êàê âû âûãëÿäèòå, âàøå ïîâåäåíèå, âû íå
 äîëæíû  áûòü  íåïðèÿòíû  ëþäÿì,  ÷òîáû  î âàñ íå äóìàëè êàê î ñòðàííûõ
 ëþäÿõ."
                                               Øðè Ìàòàäæè Íèðìàëà Äåâè
 
                          Ìåæäóíàðîäíûå Âåñòè

 Ìåæäóíàðîäíàÿ  Ïóäæà  Àäè  Øàêòè è ïåðâûå Ñàõàäæà-ñâàäüáû íà çåìëå Øðè
 Ìàòàäæè, â Êàíàäæîõàðå, Íüþ-Éîðê, 30.06-3.07.2000 ã.
Ïðîãðàììû Øðè Ìàòàäæè â Ñåâåðíîé Àìåðèêå:
èþíü 11, Ïðîãðàììà â Âàíêóâåðå(Êàíàäà)
èþíü 12, Ïåðååçä èç Âàíêóâåðà â Òîðîíòî
 èþíü 13,14 Ïðîãðàììû â Òîðîíòî
 èþíü 15, Ïåðååçä â Íüþ-Éîðê (ÑØÀ)
èþíü 16, Ïðîãðàììà â Íüþ-Éîðêå
 èþíü 17, Íüþ-Éîðê
 èþíü 18, Âàøèíãòîí

                        Òåàòð âå÷íûõ öåííîñòåé
              Äæåé Øðè Ìàòàäæè! Äîðîãèå áðàòüÿ è ñåñòðû!
Òåàòð âå÷íûõ öåííîñòåé ôèíàíñèðóåòñÿ ìíîãèìè ëþäüìè èç ðàçëè÷íûõ ñòðàí
 è êîëëåêòèâîâ. Ýòîò íîâûé 2000 ãîä ÒÂÖ íà÷èíàåò ñ ïîñòàíîâêè ñïåêòàêëÿ
"Âîëøåáíàÿ  ôëåéòà",  êîòîðûé  ñîñòîèòñÿ  23,  24  è  25 èþíÿ â ãîðîäå
 Ìàíõåòòåí â ÑØÀ.
Øðè Ìàòàäæè òàê ïîíðàâèëàñü ïîñòàíîâêà "Âîëøåáíîé ôëåéòû" íà Ñàõàñðàðà
 Ïóäæå â ïðîøëîì ãîäó, ÷òî îíà ïîïðîñèëà àâñòðèéöåâ ïîñòàâèòü ýòó îïåðó
 â ÑØÀ. Äëÿ òîãî, ÷òîáû èñïîëíèòü ýòî ïîæåëàíèå, ÒÂÖ áûë ðåôîðìèðîâàí è
 ñåé÷àñ,  áîëåå  ìîùíûé,  ÷åì êîãäà-ëèáî, îí íàïîëíåí æåëàíèåì ïðèíåñòè
 âåëèêîëåïíûå  âèáðàöèè íà çåìëþ Øðè Êðèøíû â ñîîòâåòñòâèè ñ ïîæåëàíèåì
 íàøåé  Ñâÿòîé  Ìàòåðè,  ÷òîáû  áîëåå øèðîêèé ñëîé ïóáëèêè ìîã ïîëó÷èòü
 ðåàëèçàöèþ ïîñðåäñòâîì èñêóññòâà.
Îêîëî 80 ñàõàäæà-éîãîâ, ÿâëÿþùèõñÿ ïðîôåññèîíàëüíûìè ïåâöàìè, àêòåðàìè
 è  ìóçûêàíòàìè  ñî  âñåãî  çåìíîãî  øàðà, áóäóò ïðåäñòàâëÿòü ýòî íîâîå
 ïðîèçâåäåíèå  "Âîëøåáíàÿ ôëåéòà" íà âå÷åðå äî íà÷àëà Àäè Øàêòè Ïóäæè â
 Êàíàäæîõàðå.  Çàìå÷àòåëüíîå  îïåðíîå ïðîèçâåäåíèå Ìîöàðòà ðàññêàçûâàåò
 èñòîðèþ  äîáðà è çëà, ïðàâäû è ëþáâè â ïðåêðàñíîì è ïðîñâåùåííîì ïóòè.
Ìû,  â  ÒÂÖ,  íå  ìîæåì  àäåêâàòíî âûðàçèòü íàøå âîëíåíèå è ðàäîñòü îò
 òîãî,  ÷òî  ìû  ïðèåçæàåì  â  ÑØÀ  ñ ýòèì ïðîèçâåäåíèåì, ïîòîìó ÷òî ìû
 îùóùàåì  ñèëüíûé  ïîòîê âèáðàöèé, êîòîðûé ìû ñòðåìèìñÿ îòäàòü âî âðåìÿ
 ýòîãî ïðîèçâåäåíèÿ ïóáëèêå.
Ìû  óæå ïîëó÷àëè îãðîìíóþ ïîìîùü îò àâñòðàëèéöåâ è ãåðìàíöåâ; îêîëî 50
êîñòþìîâ ñøèòî è ïîñòðîåíà ñöåíà äëÿ ðåïåòèöèé.
Àðòèñòû  ÒÂÖ  áóäóò ñàìîñòîÿòåëüíî îïëà÷èâàòü ñâîè áèëåòû çà ïåðåëåò â
 Àìåðèêó,  íî åñòåñòâåííî, íàì áû õîòåëîñü ïîñòàâèòü "Âîëøåáíóþ ôëåéòó"
â  ðàçíûõ  ÷àñòÿõ ÑØÀ è â ëþáûõ äðóãèõ ñòðàíàõ, êîòîðûå áû ïðèãëàñèëè
 íàñ.  Åñëè  åñòü  âîçìîæíîñòü  â  âàøåé ñòðàíå, ïîæàëóéñòà, äàéòå íàì
 çíàòü,  íî â ëþáîì ñëó÷àå, ìû ïðîñèì âñåõ, êòî ìîæåò, ïîìî÷ü âêëàäîì â
 íàøåì  ôèíàíñèðîâàíèè.  Ëþáàÿ  ñóììà, êàêîé áû ñêðîìíîé íè áûëà, áóäåò
 îãðîìíîé ïîääåðæêîé äëÿ íàñ.
Åñëè   âû  äóìàåòå,  ÷òî  ìîæåòå  ïîìî÷ü  ôèíàíñîâî  èëè  ïðàêòè÷åñêè,
ïîæàëóéñòà,    äàéòå   çíàòü   è   ñâÿæèòåñü   ñ   íàìè   ïî   àäðåñó:
martin.kirchbaumery@yline.com     èëè    immh@holyrood.ed.ac.uk    äëÿ
 äàëüíåéøåé èíôîðìàöèè. Áîëüøîå ñïàñèáî.


           Ñåìèíàð Þâà Øàêòè íà Âîñòî÷íîì ïîáåðåæüå â Àìåðèêå
                        (ñîêðàùåííûé ïåðåâîä)
Äîðîãèå  áðàòüÿ  è  ñåñòðû!  Äæåé  Øðè  Ìàòàäæè!  Â  ñåðåäèíå àïðåëÿ â
 âûõîäíûå  ïðîõîäèë  ñåìèíàð  Þâà  Øàêòè  íà  Âîñòî÷íîì  ïîáåðåæüå.  Ìû
 îáñóæäàëè  ðàçíûå  ïðîáëåìû  î  òîì,  êàê ìîëîäåæü â ñâîèõ êîëëåêòèâàõ
 îðãàíèçóåò ðàáîòó, ó÷åáó, äåëèëèñü îïûòîì.

Çàòåì  ìû  íà÷àëè  äóìàòü  î Êàíàäæîõàðå è îæèäàåìîì ïðèáûòèè Ìàòåðè â
 Ñåâåðíóþ  Àìåðèêó:  êàê îðãàíèçîâàòü ïîìîùü äëÿ ïðîâåäåíèÿ Ïóäæè 17-18
èþíÿ,  áûëî  íàìå÷åíî  íåñêîëüêî  íàïðàâëåíèé  ðàáîòû  äëÿ  äîñòîéíîãî
 ïðîâåäåíèÿ   Ïóäæè:  îðãàíèçîâàí  "ñòîë  ïîìîùè"  äëÿ  ñáîðà  ñðåäñòâ,
ïðîâåäåíèå êîíöåðòîâ, âñòðå÷ ìîëîäåæè, ó÷àñòèå â ñâàäüáàõ, ïîäàðêè äëÿ
 Øðè Ìàòàäæè îò Þâà Øàêòè è ò.ä.

Ìû  òàêæå  îáñóæäàëè  èäåè,  ïðîåêòè  äëÿ Þâà Øàêòè êàê ìåæäóíàðîäíîãî
 äâèæåíèÿ, äèññêóòèðîâàëè î íàøåì âåá-ñàéòå. Ïðîõîäèë òàêæå êîíöåðò, íà
 êîòîðîì  âûñòóïàëè  ïðåäñòàâèòåëè  èç  ðàçíûõ  ãîðîäîâ  Àìåðèêè.  Áûëè
 íàïèñàíû ñòàòüè äëÿ ïóáëèêàöèè â ãàçåòàõ è æóðíàëàõ.

Ïîñëå  âñåõ  îáñóæäåíèé  ìû  ñèäåëè  â ìîë÷àíèè êàêîå-òî âðåìÿ è çàòåì
 âíåñëè ïðåäëîæåíèÿ â "Îáåò Þâà Øàêòè"- ýòî ïðèíöèïû, êîòîðûå ìû äîëæíû
 ñîáëþäàòü â æèçíè.

Ìû ïîëó÷èëè ãðîìàäíîå íàñëàæäåíèå îò îáùåíèÿ äðóã ñ äðóãîì.

Äî âñòðå÷è â èþíå, ñ ëþáîâüþ, âàøà ñåñòðà Ñàðà Ðàäõà.

                      Ñàõàäæà Éîãà â ×èêàãî, ÑØÀ.

Â  ×èêàãî  ó  íàñ  åñòü  ÿäðî èç 30 éîãîâ èç Ñåâåðíîé è Þæíîé Àìåðèêè,
Èíäèè,  Âîñòî÷íîé  è Çàïàäíîé Åâðîïû - ýòî î÷åíü ðàçíîîáðàçíàÿ ãðóïïà.
Ìû âñòðå÷àåìñÿ êàæäóþ ñóááîòó â íàøåì öåíòðå, êîòîðûé ÿâëÿåòñÿ òàêæå è
 äîìîì äëÿ ÷åòûðåõ âçðîñëûõ è äâîèõ äåòåé. ×òî êàñàåòñÿ ðàñïðîñòðàíåíèÿ
 Ñàõàäæà  Éîãè,  ìû íà÷àëè íîâîå òûñÿ÷åëåòèå ñåðèåé ïóáëè÷íûõ ïðîãðàìì,
òðè  èç  êîòîðûõ  ïðîõîäèëè  â  ðàéîíàõ,  ãäå  ìû  ðàíüøå  íèêîãäà  íå
 âûâåøèâàëè  àôèø. Ìû áûëè ñ÷àñòëèâû äàòü ðåàëèçàöèþ ïðèìåðíî 50 ëþäÿì.
Ìû ñîçäàëè 2 íåïðåðûâíûõ êëàññà (øêîëû) äëÿ íîâè÷êîâ. Íàø îáùèé ïîäõîä
 ñîñòîèò  â òîì, ÷òîáû ïðîâåñòè ïðîãðàììó â äàííîé îáëàñòè è ïðîäîëæàòü
 ðàáîòó  òàì  äî  òåõ  ïîð,  ïîêà  ýòè  ëþäè íå ñòàíóò ïðî÷íî íà íîãè â
 Ñàõàäæà  Éîãå, è ïîêà íå ïîÿâèòñÿ ÷óâñòâî, ÷òî ïîðà ïåðåõîäèòü â íîâûé
 ðàéîí. Â ãîðîäå òàêîé âåëè÷èíû( áîëåå 8 ìëí ÷åëîâåê) ïðîñòî íåâîçìîæíî
 îõâàòèòü  âñåõ,  íå  ïåðåìåùàÿ  ìåñòî  ïðîâåäåíèÿ  íàøèõ  ïðîãðàìì. Ìû
 îáíàðóæèëè,  ÷òî  åñëè  ìû  ñîñðåäîòà÷èâàåìñÿ  ãëàâíûì îáðàçîì íà òîì,
÷òîáû ëþäè íàó÷èëèñü ÷óâñòâîâàòü è ðàáîòàòü ñ âèáðàöèÿìè, à íå íà òîì,
÷òîáû  äàâàòü èì ìíîãî èíôîðìàöèè, òî ýòî ðàáîòàåò õîðîøî. Îíè áûñòðåå
 óñòàíàâëèâàþò  íîâîå  ñîçíàíèå  è  èì  ëåã÷å  âîñïðèíèìàòü èíôîðìàöèþ,
êîòîðàÿ  ïðèõîäèò  ïîçæå. Ìû âûïóñêàåì ìåñòíóþ ãàçåòó, ãäå èíôîðìèðóåì
 ëþäåé  î  Ñàõàäæà  ïðîãðàììàõ, è îáùèõ íîâîñòÿõ, îòíîñÿùèõñÿ ê ×èêàãî.
Ïðèåçæàéòå,  ïîñåòèòå  íàø  êîëëåêòèâ  è  ïîäåëèòåñü  ñ  íàìè  è áóäåì
 íàñëàæäàòüñÿ âìåñòå ó Ëîòîñíûõ Ñòîï íàøåé Áîæåñòâåííîé Ìàòåðè!
                                                      Ñòèâ Âîëëåíáåðãåð


                          Âåñòè èç Òîëüÿòòè:
  Ñàõàäæà éîãè âíîñÿò â ïîëèòèêó èäåè âûñîêîé ìîðàëè è íðàâñòâåííîñòè.

7  èþíÿ  â  ÄÈ  "Þáèëåéíûé" ïðîøëî îáùåãîðîäñêîå ñîáðàíèå äâèæåíèÿ "Çà
 íðàâñòâåííîñòü   è   äåìîêðàòèþ".  Êàê  ñêàçàë  ïðåäñåäàòåëü  äâèæåíèÿ
 Âëàäèìèð Àíäðèàíîâ: "Ðåàëüíîé äåìîêðàòèè áåç íðàâñòâåííîñòè íå áûâàåò,
è  âñå  äåéñòâèÿ  ïîëèòèêîâ,  êîòîðûå  âûõîäÿò çà ðàìêè íðàâñòâåííîñòè
 ñëåäóåò   ñ÷èòàòü   áåçíðàâñòâåííûìè".  Èìåííî  òàêîâà  êîíå÷íàÿ  öåëü
 äâèæåíèÿ:    ïîñòðîåíèå   íðàâñòâåííîãî   äåìîêðàòè÷åñêîãî   îáùåñòâà,
âûäâèæåíèå  âî  âëàñòíûå  ñòðóêòóðû  ëþäåé ÷åñòíûõ, îðèåíòèðîâàííûõ íà
 âûñîêîìîðàëüíûå   öåííîñòè.   Ñðåäè   âûñòóïàþùèõ   íà  ñîáðàíèå  áûëè
 ïðèãëàøåíû ïîëèòè÷åñêèå ëèäåðû ãîðîäà, êàíäèäàòû â äåïóòàòû ãîð.äóìû è
 íà  ïîñò ìýðà. Îáñóæäàëèñü ïðîåêòû ïîïðàâîê â óñòàâ ãîðîäà, âêëþ÷àþùèå
 â  ñåáÿ  èäåè  âûñîêîé  ìîðàëè  è  íðàâñòâåííîñòè.  Çàìå÷àòåëüíî,  ÷òî
 ïðåäëîæåíèå   íå   ãîëîñîâàòü   çà  êàíäèäàòîâ,  ïðîÿâèâøèõ  ñåáÿ  êàê
 áåçíðàâñòâåííûå ïîëèòèêè, áûëî ïðèíÿòî åäèíîãëàñíî.
                                                             Í.Çàõàðîâà
                                                    
--
Best regards,
  S.Y. news centre                          mailto:inform@sahajnew.mtu-net.ru
 

Ãàçåòà èç Òàëüÿòòè.htm
 

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Êàê  â  Äåíü  Ìàòåðè  äåòè  ïðåïîäíîñÿò öâåòû ñâîåé ìàìå, òàê è â Äåíü
 Çåìëè  âñïîìíèì,  ÷òî  ìû  - äåòè ãîëóáîé ïëàíåòû è ïðèâíåñåì ñþäà ýòó
 íåæíóþ òðàäèöèþ

 Ýòó  ëþáîâü è ýòó çàáîòó ê Ìàòåðè Çåìëå ìû ìîæåì âûðàçèòü, óêðà-ñèâ åå
 öâåòàìè.

Î,  Ëþáèìàÿ  Ìàòü  Çåìëÿ,  Òû  âåëèêîäóøíî äàåøü íàì îäåæäó è êðîâ. Òû
 êîðìèøü  íàñ  ñâîèìè ïëîäàìè, òâîè âîäû óòîëÿþò íàøó æàæäó. Î, ëþáèìàÿ
 Ìàòü Çåìëÿ, ñêëîíèâ ãîëîâó, ìû áëàãîäàðèì Òåáÿ.

Ïðîñòè  íàøå  íåâåæåñòâî,  êîãäà ìû îãîð÷àåì Òåáÿ. Ìû ñòðà-ñòíî æåëàåì
 î÷èùåíèÿ âñåõ çåìåëü è âîä òâîèõ. Êàê òâîè ìîðÿ î÷èùàþò áåðåãà, î÷èñòü
 íàøè  ñåðäöà  è  äóøè,  òàê,  ÷òîáû  ìû  ìîã-ëè  æåëàòü òîëüêî òî, ÷òî
 ïðàâåäíî.  Ïîçâîëü  íàì  óêðàñèòü  Òåáÿ  è ïðèâíåñòè òâîè öâåòû â íàøè
 àñôàëüòîâûå ãîðîäà.

Ìîæíî ïîñàäèòü öâåòû íà ñâîåì áàëêîíå, ó ñâîåãî ïîäúåçäà, îêîëî ñâîåãî
 äîìà,  ó òîðãîâûõ ïàâèëüîíîâ è îñòàíîâêàõ. Øêîëüíèêè è ìîëî-äåæü ìîãóò
 óêðàñèòü  ãàçîíû âîêðóã øêîë è èíñòèòóòîâ. Öâåòû, äåêîðà-òèâíûå òðàâû,
öâåòóùèå  êóñòàðíèêè  óêðàñÿò  çåëåíîå  ñàðè Ìàòåðè Çåì-ëè è ïðèâíåñóò
 ñâîé ÷óäåñíûé àðîìàò â íàø çàãàçîâàííûé ãîðîä.

Ãåðàíü,  íîãîòêè, ðîìàøêè, ìàëüâà, íàñòóðöèÿ, ôèàëêè è ïåòóíèÿ - ñàìûå
 ïðîñòûå öâåòû, êîòîðûå ñìîãóò óêðàñèòü ãîðîäñêèå óëèöû è äâîðû.

Ïóñòü  Äåíü Çåìëè íå êîí÷àåòñÿ 22 àïðåëÿ, à äëèòñÿ âñþ âåñíó, âñå ëåòî
 è  âåñü  âåê.  Ýïîõà  Âîäîëåÿ - ýïîõà ëþáâè ê Çåìëå. ×åëîâåê çàé-ìåòñÿ
 âîññòàíîâëåíèåì  ÷èñòîòû âî âñåõ 3-õ ñôåðàõ, áóäåò óêðàøàòü Ìàòü Çåìëþ
 è ïðåóìíîæàòü åå áîãàòñòâà.

Ïóñòü  æå,  ÷åì  áîëüøå â ãîðîäå ðåàëèçîâàííûõ ëþäåé -òåì áîëüøå áóäåò
 öâåòîâ  íà  åãî  óëèöàõ.  È  ïóñòü  Âîëãà  îòðàæàåò  íå òîëüêî âåëè÷èå
 Æèãóëåâñêèõ ãîð, íî è êðàñîòó íàøèõ óëèö, óòîïàþùèõ â öâåòàõ.

                                                      Þðèé Àëåêñàíäðîâ
----------------------------------------------------------------------
     Âèøâà Íèðìàëà Äõàðìà ÂÅÑÒÈ îò Ñàõàäæà-éîãîâ âñåãî ìèðà 10 àïðåëÿ
                                                 2000ã. ã.Òîëüÿòòè ¦27

Ìåæäóíàðîäíûå âåñòè: Ïðèãëàøåíèå íà Ïàñõàëüíóþ Ïóäæó Äæåé Øðè Ìàòàäæè!
Äîðîãèå  áðàòüÿ  è  ñåñòðû, ñ îãðîìíîé ðàäîñòüþ ìû ñîîáùàåì âàì, ÷òî â
 Ñòàìáóëå  ñ  áëàãîñëîâåíèÿ  íàøåé Áîæåñòâåííîé Ìàòåðè áóäåò Ïàñõàëüíàÿ
 Ïóäæà.   Ëàãåðü   áóäåò  àðåíäîâàí  íà  4  äíÿ,  ñ  21  ïî  24  àïðåëÿ
 âêëþ÷èòåëüíî. Òîëüêî ïðèáûâàíèå, áåç åäû. Îò àýðîïîðòà äî ëàãåðÿ áóäóò
 àâòîáóñû, 2$ çà ÷åëîâåêà. Ïîæàëóéñòà, ñîîáùèòå äàòó ïðèáûòèÿ è ðåéñ.

Ïóáëè÷íàÿ ïðîãðàììà ñîñòîèòñÿ 26 àïðåëÿ.

Ñ  ëþáîâüþ,  êîëëåêòèâû èç Ãðåöèè, Òóðöèè, Áîëãàðèè, Èçðàèëÿ, Àë-æèðà,
Ìîðîêêî, Èðàíà, Äóáàè è Òóíèñà.
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Èíäèÿ.  Ñîîáùåíèå  íà  2  ñòðàíèöàõ  î  ïðàçäíîâàíèè  Äíÿ Ðîæäåíèÿ Øðè
 Ìàòàäæè  è î Ïóäæå. Ïåðåâîä áóäåò ñäåëàí ïîçæå (â ñëåäóþùåì íîìåðå), à
 ïîêà  îñíîâíîå: "íà Ïóäæå Øðè Ìàòàäæè, ãîâîðèëà î ñèëå ëþáâè è, ÷òî ìû
 äîëæíû  èñïîëüçîâàòü  åå ïðè ðàñïðîñòðàíåíèè ñîîáùåíèé î Ñàõàäæà Éîãå.
Çàáîòà îá îñòàëüíûõ è âåëèêîå ñîñòðàäàíèå ïîìîæåò èçìåíèòü ìèð. Ìû âñå
 äîëæíû  ìíîãî  ðàáîòàòü,  ÷òîáû  ðàñïðîñòðàíèòü  ýòî ïîñëàíèå ëþáâè"Ìû
 ÷óâñòâîâàëè  ýòó ñèëó ëþáâè, èñõîäÿùóþ îò Øðè Ìàòàäæè êàæäîé êëåòî÷êîé
 ñâîåãî òåëà
                                                           Àëåêñ Õåíøîó
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Èíäèÿ. Íüþ Äåëè.
Îôèöèàëüíîå ñîîáùåíèå èç ãàçåòû "Òhå Nimes of India-"

Íåñêîëüêî  ñîòåí  ñàõàäæà  éîãîâ  è éîãèíü èç ðàçëè÷íûõ îáëàñòåé íàøåé
 ñòðàíû  è  çàðóáåæüÿ  ñîáðàëèñü  íà  çåìëå  Íèðìàë Äõàì, ÷òî ó ñåëåíèÿ
 ×õàâàë  â  ñðåäó  (22  ìàðòà) ïîçäðàâèòü Ìàòà Íèðìàëà Äåâè, îñíîâàòåëÿ
 Ñàõàäæà Éîãè, ñ Åå 77-ëåòèåì.

Îãðîìíîå  êîëè÷åñòâî  ïîçäðàâëåíèé  áûëî  ïîëó÷åíî  îò   ìýðîâ êðóïíûõ
 ãîðîäîâ  ÑØÀ,  íåêîòîðûõ  ÷ëåíîâ  ïðàâèòåëüñòâà è âèöå-ïðåçèäåíòà ÑØÀ,
ìèñòåðà Àë Ãîð. Ê ïðèâåòñòâóþùèì ïðèñîåäèíèëñÿ ïðåìüåð-ìèíèñòð Êàíàäû,
ïðåçèäåíò  àôðèêàíñêîé ñòðàíû Èâîðè Êîñò è íåñêîëüêî ÷ëåíîâ ïàðëàìåíòà
 Êàíàäû è Àâñòðàëèè.

Ïèñüìà,  â êîòîðûõ âûñîêî îöåíèâàëàñü ðîëü Øðè Ìàòàäæè â òðàíñôîðìàöèè
 êàê  èíäèâèäóàëüíîñòåé,  òàê è âñåãî îáùåñòâà â öåëîì ÷åðåç ïðîïàãàíäó
 Ñàõàäæà Éîãè, áûëè çà÷èòàíû íà ýòîì ïðàçäíîâàíèè.

Ñðåäè  âûñòóïàþùèõ  ïî  ýòîìó  ñëó÷àþ  áûëè: ìèíèñòð ËÊ Àäâàíè, áûâøèé
 ìèíèñòð  Ëóê  Ñàáõà,  ñïèêåð  Áàëðàì  Äæàêàð  è áûâøèé ïðåìüåð ìèíèñòð
 Ñóíäàðëàë Ðàòâà.

Äîêòîð  Øîáà  Äàñ,  ãëàâà  äåïàðòàìåíòà  ôèçèîëîãèè  â  ãîñïèòàëå Ëåäè
 Õàðäèíã, ïîäàðèë Ìàòà Íèðìàëà Äåâè êîïèè äâóõ äèññåðòàöèé, çàùè-ùåííûõ
 â Äåëèéñêîì óíèâåðñèòåòå, î ðîëè Ñàõàäæà Éîãè â óïðàâëå-íèè ñòðåññîì.

Â    ñâîþ   î÷åðåäü,   Øðè   Ìàòàäæè   óáåäèòåëüíî   ïîïðîñèëà   ñâîèõ
 ïî-ñëåäîâàòåëåé èñïîëüçîâàòü âåñü ñâîé ïîòåíöèàë äëÿ áëàãà ñòðàíû. Îíà
 ïðåäëîæèëà æåëàþùèì äàæå ïîåõàòü â Êàøìèð è ïîðàáîòàòü äëÿ ìèðà â ýòîì
 ðåãèîíå.

Ïåðåâîä Í.Çàõàðîâîé
----------------------------------------------------------------------
ÂÅÑÒÈ ÈÇ ÒÎËÜßÒÒÈ
 Òðèóìô Ôåñòèâàëÿ!

9 àïðåëÿ âî äâîðöå Èñêóññòâ "Þáèëåéíûé" ïðîõîäèë ðîññèéñêèé ôåñ-òèâàëü
 èíäèéñêîãî  òàíöà  "Ðèòìû  ðàäîñòè"  Èíèöèàòîðû  è îðãàíèçàòî-ðû ýòîãî
 ïðàçäíèêà  -  ñóïðóãè  Ýëõàì  è Äèíàðà Áàðõàíîâû. ×òî ïðèâëå-êàåò íàñ,
ïî÷òè  åâðîïåéöåâ  â ýòîé äîâîëüíî äàëåêîé è î÷åíü âîñòî÷íîé êóëüòóðå?
Ýêçîòèêà,  òàèíñòâåííîñòü,  ÿðêîñòü êðàñîê? Áåçóñëîâíî, íî âðÿä ëè ýòî
 ãëàâíîå.  Âëå÷åò  íàñ  ê  Èíäèè  íàøå  äðåâíåå, ãåíåòè÷åñêîå, äóõîâíîå
 ðîäñòâî  ñ  íåé.  Òàì  íàøè  ñàìûå  êðåïêèå, ñàìûå ãëóáîêèå êîðíè, èìÿ
 êîòîðûì  -  äóõîâíîñòü.  Äóõ- ýòî âûñøàÿ ýíåðãèÿ êîñìîñà, äàþùàÿ æèçíü
 êàæäîìó.  Â èíäèéñêîé êóëüòóðå äî ñèõ ïîð èñêóññòâî âîñïðèíèìàåòñÿ êàê
 íàèëó÷øàÿ ôîðìà ïîêëîíåíèÿ Âûñøåé Âñåëåí-ñêîé Äóõîâíîñòè. Â äðåâíåéøèõ
 ñâÿùåííûõ  òåêñòàõ  ñêàçàíî,  ÷òî èñ-êóññòâî òàíöà îòêðûë ÷åëîâå÷åñòâó
 ñàì   Ãîñïîäü  Øèâà  -  íåáåñíûé  îòåö  âñåãî  ñóùåãî.  Ïîýòîìó  ëþáîå
 òàíöåâàëüíîå  äåéñòâî  íà÷èíàåòñÿ  ñ  Ïóäæè  Øèâå, ÷üå Èìÿ - Ìîë÷àíèå.
Ïåðåâîäÿ  ÿçûê  äâèæåíèé  íà  ÿçûê çâóêîâ ìîæíî ñêàçàòü: "ß ïîêëîíÿþñü
 Áîãó  Øèâå,  êîòîðûé  âñåãäà  ïðå-áûâàåò  â  ñîñòîÿíèè  óìèðîòâîðåíèÿ.
Âñåëåííàÿ  -  Åãî  òåëî,  ëèòåðàòóðà  -  Åãî ðå÷ü, ëóíà è çâåçäû - Åãî
 óêðàøåíèÿ".

Ôåéåðâåðê   çàæèãàòåëüíîé   ìóçûêè,   ÿðêèå   êðàñêè  êîñòþìîâ,  áëåñê
 óê-ðàøåíèé  è  âûñîêèé  óðîâåíü  èñïîëíåíèÿ âûçûâàëè âîñòîðã çðèòåëåé,
êî-òîðûå íå ñêóïèëèñü íà àïëîäèñìåíòû.

Â  àíòðàêòå  çðèòåëåé  æäàëà  íîâàÿ  ïðèÿòíàÿ  íåîæèäàííîñòü - èñòèííî
 èíäèéñêèå ñëàäîñòè è ÷àé, ïðèãîòîâëåííûå Áàáèòîé.

Ïðåêðàñíûì  äîïîëíåíèåì  ê  òàíöåâàëüíîìó  èñêóññòâó ïðîçâó÷àëè ðàãè â
 èñïîëíåíèè âûïóñêíèö Èíäèéñêîé Ìóçûêàëüíîé Àêàäåìèè Æåíè è Èðèíû.

Â  çàêëþ÷åíèè õóäîæåñòâåííûé ðóêîâîäèòåëü ÄÈ "Þáèëåéíûé" Þ.Â. Àíäðþøèí
 ïîáëàãîäàðèë  âñåõ  ó÷àñòíèêîâ  ôåñòèâàëÿ, îòìåòèë âûñî÷àé øèé óðîâåíü
 òàíöîðîâ è ïîæåëàë ñäåëàòü ïîäîáíûé ôåñòèâàëü òðàäèöèîííûì. Ïîä áóðíûå
 îâàöèè  çðèòåëüñêîãî  çàëà  âñåì  ó÷àñòíèêàì  ôåñòèâàëÿ  áûëè  âðó÷åíû
 ïàìÿòíûå ïîäàðêè.

Áëàãîäàðèì  òàíöåâàëüíûå êîëëåêòèâû ãîðîäîâ Ìîñêâû, Êàçàíè, Íàáåðåæíûå
 ×åëíû,  Äèìèòðîâãðàäà  è  Òîëüÿòòè  çà  ýòîò  ðàäîñòíûé,  íåçàáûâàåìûé
 ïðàçäíèê è æåëàåì èì òâîð÷åñêèõ óñïåõîâ!

Îëåã Ìàéîðîâ


----------------------------------------------------------------------

Íà ðàäèî ÂÀÇà çâó÷àò áàäæàíû.

Âîò  óæå  â  êîòîðûé  ðàç  â  ðàáî÷èé ïîëäåíü â ïðîãðàììå "Ìóçûêàëüíûé
 ñóâåíèð"  íà  âîëæñêîì àâòîìîáèëüíîì çàâîäå çâó÷àò áàäæàíû. Ïåðâûé ðàç
 ýòî  áûëî  21  ìàðòà  â  äåíü Ðîæäåíèÿ íàøåé Âåëèêîé Ìàòåðè. Êîðîò-êèé
 ðàññêàç  î  âåëè÷àéøèõ  çàñëóãàõ  Øðè Ìàòàäæè ïåðåä ÷åëîâå÷åñòâîì è Åå
 àâòîáèîãðàôèþ  çàêëþ÷àëà  ïåñíÿ  "Ñâåò Äóõà". Ìóçûêà ïëûëà è íàïîëíÿëà
 ýôèð áîæåñòâåííûìè âèáðàöèÿìè.

Â  ïðîèçâîäñòâåííûõ  öåõàõ  è  âäîëü  ãëàâíîãî êîíâåéåðà, â èíæåíåðíûõ
 îòäåëàõ   è  èñïûòàòåëüíûõ  ëàáîðàòîðèÿõ  ñëóøàþò  çàâîä÷àíå  äóõîâíóþ
 ìóçûêóþ. È îòêðûâàþòñÿ ñåðäöà, è ïðîáóæäàåòñÿ Êóíäàëèíè, è ñòàíî-âèòñÿ
 ìèð ñâåòëåé è ðàäîñòíåé!

Íàòàëüÿ Çàõàðîâà
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Äåíü  Çåìëè. 22 Àïðåëÿ â 15-00 âî Äâîðöå Èñêóññòâ "Þáèëåéíûé" ñîñòîèòñÿ
 êóëüòóðíàÿ ïðîãðàììà ïîñâÿù¸ííàÿ Äíþ Çåìëè! Â êîíöåðòå;

Âûñòàâêà öâåòîâ, êàðòèí õóäîæíèêîâ, ñòèõè, ïåñíè, ñïåêòàêëü.

Ïðèãëàøàþòñÿ òîëüêî òå, êîìó íå áåçðàçëè÷íà íàøà ïëàíåòà Çåìëÿ!

Äåâèç ìåðîïðèÿòèÿ, êàê è âñåãäà "Çåìëÿ, ìû ëþáèì òåáÿ"!

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Âûïóñê ïîäãîòîâèëè:  Çàõàðîâà Í., Ôîìèíîâà Ã.È. - 33-02-52 (äîì.)
Ïòè÷êà Ñ., ×àùèí Â.
e-mail: kvg@b3422.dd.vaz.tlt.ru, s.ptichka@vaz.ru

 --
 Best regards,
  S.Y. news centre                          mailto:inform@sahajnews.mtu-net.ru
 

Ãàçåòà èç Òîëüÿòòè.htm
 
Âûïóñê ïîäãîòîâèëè: Ôîìèíîâà Ã.È. - 33-02-52 (äîì.)
Ïòè÷êà Ñ.., Áðîâêèí À,
e-mail: kvg@b3422.dd.vaz.tlt.ru, s.ptichka@vaz.ru

                          Âèøâà Íèðìàëà Äõàðìà
                                ÂÅÑÒÈ
                     îò Ñàõàäæà-éîãîâ âñåãî ìèðà
                   28 àïðåëÿ 2000ã. ã.Òîëüÿòòè ¦29

 5  ìàÿ  2000 ãîäà ñîñòîèòñÿ áîëüøîé ïàðàä ïëàíåò. Ïî ýòîìó ñëó÷àþ Øðè
 Ìàòàäæè  ñêàçàëà:  "Åñëè ïëàíåòû ñìîãëè âûñòðîèòüñÿ â îäíó ëèíèþ,òî è
 ñàõàäæà éîãè äîëæíû âûñòðîèòüñÿ òîæå."
Ïîýòîìó  Ñàõàñðàðà  Ïóäæà  ñîñòîèòñÿ  Êàáåëëå  â ïÿòíèöó 5 ìàÿ, à íå â
 âûõîäíûå  äíè.  Â  Òîëüÿòòè  Ñàõàñðàðà  Ïóäæà  áóäåò ïðîâåäåíà òàêæå â
 ïÿòíèöó 5 ìàÿ â ÄÈ "Þáèëåéíûé" â 18.00.

Ìåæäóíàðîäíûå âåñòè:
5  ìàÿ  2000  ãîäà  -ïëàíåòû  Ìàðñ, Ìåðêóðèé, Þïèòåð, Âåíåðà, è Ñàòóðí
 îáðàçóþò  âìåñòå  ñ  Çåìëåé,  Ëóíîé  è  Ñîëíöåì  Òî÷íî ïðÿìóþ ëèíèþ! Â
 ïîñëåäíèé  ðàç  ïîäîáíîå  óíèêàëüíîå ñîáûòèå áûëî 6000 ëåò òîìó íàçàä!
Èíòåðåñíî,  ÷òî  â  ýòîé  êîñìè÷åñêîé  ñòðóíå ïðåäñòàâëåíû âñå 7 ÷àêð,
âêëþ÷àÿ  Çåìëþ:  Ìàðñ  ñèìâîëèçèðóåò  Ìóëàäàðó  (1  ÷àêðà), Ìåðêóðèé -
Ñâàäèñòàí  (2  ÷àêðà),  Þïèòåð  -  Íàáè (3 ÷àêðà), Âåíåðà - Àíàõàòà (4
÷àêðà),  Ñàòóðí  -  Âèøóäè  (5  ÷àêðà), Ñîëíöå - Àãèÿ (6 ÷àêðà) è Ëóíà
 ñîîòâåòñòâóåò Ñàõàñðàðå (ïîñëåäíåé -7 ÷àêðå).
Óäèâèòåëüíî,  ÷òî  ïëàíåòû  âûñòðîÿòñÿ  â  îäíó ëèíèþ ñ Çåìëåé â ñàìîì
 óíèêàëüíîì  ñî÷åòàíèè  èëè ñîþçå - áóäó÷è íà ìãíîâåíèå ñîåäèíåíû ìåæäó
 ñîáîé  íåâèäèìûìè ãðàâèòàöèîííûìè ýíåðãåòè÷åñêèìè ëèíèÿìè. Ýòî ïîäîáíî
 êîñìè÷åñêîé íèòè ñ íàíèçàííûìè æåì÷óæèíàìè.
Ïðèìå÷àòåëüíûé  ôàêò,  ÷òî ðîâíî 30 ëåò íàçàä 5 ìàÿ 1970 ãîäà ïðèçîøëî
 ïàìÿòíîå  ñîáûòèå  â  èñòîðèè  äóõîâíîñòè  âñåãî ÷åëîâå÷åñòâà: ýòî áûë
 äåíü,  êîãäà Ñàõàñðàðà ÷àêðà áûëà îòêðûòà íà âñåëåíñêîì óðîâíå, î÷èùàÿ
 ïóòü  äëÿ  Áîæåñòâåííîé ìàòåðèíñêîé ýíåðãèè âíóòðè íàñ, áëàãîäàðÿ ÷åìó
 Êóíäàëèíè  ñïîñîáíà  ïîäíÿòüñÿ  è  äàòü  íàì íàøå âòîðîå ðîæäåíèå, èëè
 ñàìîðåàëèçàöèþ,   ìîêøó,   ïðîñâåùåíèå.  Ýòî  áûë  äåíü,  îáîçíà÷àþùèé
 ðîæäåíèå   Ñàõàäæà   Éîãè   -   èçâåñòíàÿ   ñåãîäíÿ,   êàê  ñïîíòàííàÿ
 Ñàìîðåàëèçàöèÿ, êîòîðàÿ ìîæåò áûòü äîñòèãíóòà ÷åëîâå÷åñòâîì áåç óñèëèÿ
 íà ìàññîâîì óðîâíå.
Óíèêàëüíîå  âûñòðàèâàíèå  â  ëèíèþ  7  ïëàíåò îáîçíà÷àåò íà÷àëî Íîâîãî
 Òûñÿ÷åëåòèÿ! Ïåðåõîäíûé ïåðèîä îò Êàëè Þãè ÷åðåç Êðèòà Þãó çàâåðøàåòñÿ
 è  íà÷èíàåòñÿ  Çîëîòîé  Âåê  Ñàòüÿ  Þãè - òîðæåñòâà èñòèíû è äóõîâíîãî
 ñîâåðøåíñòâà. Â äðåâíèõ òåêñòàõ è ïðîðî÷åñòâàõ óêàçûâàëîñü, ÷òî íà÷àëî
 Çîëîòîãî  âåêà  áóäåò  äîñòèãíóòî  íå ÷åðåç ñîöèàëüíûå è ýêîíîìè÷åñêèå
 ðåôîðìû,  à òîëüêî ÷åðåç òðàíñôîðìàöèþ ÷åëîâå÷åñêîãî ñîçíàíèÿ, êîòîðîå
 ñìîæåò  âîñïàðèòü ê Áîæåñòâåííîé ðåàëüíîñòè Öàðñòâà Íåáåñíîãî. È áóäåò
 ýòî  ñâÿçàíî  ñ  ïðèõîäîì Æåíñêîé Äóõîâíîé Ëè÷íîñòè, Ìàòåðè, êîòîðàÿ è
 îáëåã÷èò êîëëåêòèâíîå âîçðîæäåíèå.
Ïî ìàòåðèàëàì æóðíàëà "Òàéì" è "SahajNews", 
ïåðåâîä Í. Çàõàðîâîé

 Ñëóæáà íîâîñòåé Èíäèè
 Ñàìîðåàëèçàöèÿ íàõîäèòñÿ âíóòðè: Ìàòà Íèðìàëà Äåâè
 "Ñèëà,  êîòîðàÿ  ïîìîæåò  âàì  äîñòè÷ü  ñàìîðåàëèçàöèè  è âíóòðåííåãî
 ïðåîáðàçîâàíèÿ,  íàõîäèòñÿ  âíóòðè  âàñ".  Âîò  êàê Ìàòà Íèðìàëà Äåâè
 èçëîæèëà  âçãëÿä  äóõîâíîãî Ó÷èòåëÿ â æèçíè ó÷åíèêà â ñâîåì èíòåðâüþ.
  Ìàòü,   êîòîðàÿ   íàõîäèòñÿ  â  ãîðîäå  äî  15  ìàðòà,  î÷åíü  çàíÿòà
 ïðîñâåùåíèåì  åå  ìíîãî÷èñëåííûõ ïîñëåäîâàòåëåé ïî ðàçëè÷íûì àñïåêòàì
 æèçíè. Ìàòü ñîâåòóåò: "×òî áåñïîêîèò ëþäåé â ïîâñåäíåâíîé æèçíè - ýòî
 ðåàêöèÿ íà äðóãèõ ëþäåé, íà îáñòîÿòåëüñòâà, íà îêðóæàþùóþ îáñòàíîâêó.
  Ðåøåíèå  íàõîäèòñÿ  â  âûõîäå  çà ðàìêè ÷åëîâå÷åñêîãî ñîçíàíèÿ. Ïóòåì
 äîñòèæåíèÿ  ýòîãî  ñîñòîÿíèÿ  ÿâëÿåòñÿ ñàìîðåàëèçàöèÿ. È Ñàõàäæà Éîãà
 äàåò ñðåäñòâà äëÿ äîñòèæåíèÿ ñàìîðåàëèçàöèè".
Ìàòà Íèðìàëà Äåâè èìååò ìíîãî ïîñëåäîâàòåëåé â Ìàìáàè, è ìíîãèå èç íèõ
 ÿâëÿþòñÿ âûñîêèìè ïðîôåññèîíàëàìè è óñïåøíûìè â êàðüåðå ëþäüìè, òàêèå,
êàê  èçâåñòíàÿ  ìîäåëü  Øèòàë Ìàëõàð, ïîñëåäî-âàòåëüíèöà Ñàõàäæà Éîãè,
êîòîðàÿ,  ïî  ñîáñòâåííûì  ñëîâàì  Ìàòåðè,  "íàöåëåíà  íà  ïðîáóæäåíèå
 âíóòðåííåãî æåëàíèÿ ëè÷íîñòè äëÿ ñîþçà ñ Áîæåñòâåííûì". Äåéñòâèòåëüíî,
Øèòàë  ðåãóëÿðíî  ïîñåùàåò  äîì  Ðóèà íà ìîðñêîì ïîáåðåæüå, ÿâëÿþùèìñÿ
 îäíèì  èç  öåíòðîâ  Ñàõàäæà  Éîãè  â  ãîðîäå.  Îíà  ïðèñóòñòâîâàëà  íà
 çàñåäàíèÿõ  Ñàõàäæà  Éîãè  â òå÷åíèè ïîñëåäíèõ äâóõ ëåò. Äîêòîð Âèëëè,
äðóãîé ó÷åíèê Íèðìàëà Äåâè, ãî-âîðèò: "Äàæå, íåñìîòðÿ íà òî, ÷òî Øèòàë
 èìååò   ïëîòíûé   ãðàôèê  ðàáî-òû,  îíà  ðåãóëÿðíî  ïîñåùàåò  ñîáðàíèÿ
 ñàõàäæà-éîãîâ,  òàê  êàê  ýòî  ïîìî-ãàåò  åé ðàññëàáèòüñÿ". Øèòàë ñàìà
 ãîâîðèò, ÷òî îíà ëþáèò ïóòü, ïðî-ïîâåäóåìûé Ìàòåðüþ, è ÷òî îí ïîìîãàåò
 åé ïðèéòè ê ìèðó.
Íèðìàëà Äåâè ðîäèëàñü â 1923 ãîäó â Ìàõàðàøòðå, â õðèñòèàí-ñêîé ñåìüå,
ó÷èëàñü  ìåäèöèíå è ïñèõîëîãèè â Õðèñòèàíñêîì Ìåäè-öèíñêîì êîëëåäæå, â
 Ëàõîðå.   Âûøëà   çàìóæ   íà   âûñîêîïîñòàâëåííîãî  ïðàâèòåëüñòâåííîãî
 ÷èíîâíèêà, Îíà ðàçâèëà ïðàêòèêó Ñàõàäæà-Éîãè â 1970 ãîäó. Ñàõàäæà-Éîãà
 îáúÿñíÿåòñÿ êàê åñòåñòâåííûé âíóòðåííèé ðîñò ÷åëîâåêà ÷åðåç ïðîÿâëåíèå
 òîíêîé ýíåðãèè âíóòðè êàæäîãî èç íàñ.

Èç ãàçåòû "Times of India", àïðåëü 2000
 "Ó÷åíèå Øðè Ìàòàäæè ïðîõîäèò ñêâîçü âñå íàöèè è êóëüòóðû. È ýòî ó÷åíèå
 ðàñïðîñòðàíÿåòñÿ ñ êàæäûì äíåì â ñàìûõ ïðîáëåìíûõ ìåñòàõ çåìíîãî øàðà:
Áåíèí è Ñåíåãàë, Ðîññèÿ è ×åõèÿ, Ìóñêàò è Ìàíèëà. Ïî ïîñëåäíèì äàííûì,
Ìàòà  Íèðìàëà  Äåâè  ïðèçíàíà îñíîâàòåëåì Ñàõàäæà-Éîãè â 86 ñòðàíàõ. Â
 ïðîøëóþ  íåäåëþ  ìíîæåñòâî  åå  ïîñëåäîâàòåëåé  ñî  âñåõ  ÷àñòåé  ìèðà
 ïðèëåòåëè  â  Èíäèþ, ÷òîáû îòïðàçäíîâàòü Åå 77-îé äåíü ðîæäåíèÿ. Ñðåäè
 íèõ  -  ñòóäåíòû  è  ó÷åíûå,  áàíêèðû è ÷èíîâíèêè, äîêòîðà, èíæåíåðû è
 îáùåñòâåííûå   ëèöà.  Äëÿ  íèõ,  êàê  è  äëÿ  òûñÿ÷  äðóãèõ  ïðåäàííûõ
 ïîñëåäîâàòåëåé,  êîòîðûå  íå  ñìîãëè  ïðèáûòü  íà  ïðàçäíîâàíèå Åå Äíÿ
 ðîæäåíèÿ, Øðè Ìàòàäæè ÿâëÿåòñÿ æèçíåííûì ìàÿêîì â îêåàíå ïðîáëåì".

Èíäèéñêàÿ ìóçûêà. ( èç ñàõàäæà ãàçåòû "Petali di loto").
Èíäèéñêèå  ðàãè ÿâëÿþòñÿ ìóçûêîé òðàäèöèé, êîòîðûå âíîñÿò ñâîé âêëàä â
 íàøó  äóõîâíîñòü.  Îäíàêî êðàñîòà è ïîêîé, êîòîðûå ðàñïðîñòðàíÿþòñÿ îò
 ýòîé  ìóçûêè,  ñóùåñòâóþò  íå  ïðîñòî  äëÿ  óäîâîëüñòâèÿ.  Êàæäàÿ íîòà
 ìóçûêàëüíîãî  ðÿäà  ñîîòâåòñòâóåò  êàêîé -ëèáî ÷àêðå. Åñëè ñëóøàòü èëè
 ïåòü  îäèí èç ýòèõ çâóêîâ, òî ýòî âîçäåéñòâóåò íà îïðåäåëåííûé öåíòð è
 ñòàíîâèòñÿ ôîðìîé âèáðàòîðíîãî î÷èùåíèÿ.
Ýòè  íîòû  ñëåäóþò  â òàêîì ïîðÿäêå: ñà, ðå, ãà, ìà, ïà, äà, íè, ñà, è
 îíè  ÿâëÿþòñÿ ýêâèâàëåíòîì çàïàäíûõ íîò: äî, ðå, ìè, ôà, ñîëü, ëÿ, ñè,
äî.  Ïåðâàÿ  íîòà  â  ýòîì  ðÿäó  "ñà", ñîîòâåòñòâóåò Ìóëàäàðå, "ðå" -
Ñâàäèñòàíå, "ãà" - Íàáè, "ìà" - Ñåðäöó (÷òî îòðàæåíî âî âñåõ ÿçûêàõ, â
 êîòîðûõ ñëîâà, ïðîèçâîäíûå îò "ìàìà", îçíà÷àþò "ìàòü"), "ïà" - Âèøóäè,
 "äà"  -  Àãèè,  "íè"  - Ñàõàñðàðå. Âåðõíåå "ñà" ñîîòâåòñòâóåò çîíå íàä
 Ñàõàñðàðîé.  Òå  ëþäè,  êîòîðûå  æåëàþò  ïîïðàêòèêîâàòüñÿ  ÷àñîê ïîñëå
 óòðåííåé ìåäèòàöèè, ìîãóò äåëàòü óïðàæíåíèÿ ñ ýòèìè íîòàìè. Îäíàêî ïðè
 îòñóòñòâèè  æåëàíèÿ  ñëåäîâàòü  òàêîé  äèñöèïëèíå,  ìîæíî  âìåñòî òîãî
 äåëàòü ïîäîáíîå óïðàæíåíèå: â ñîñòîÿíèè ìåäèòàöèè ïîéòå êàæäóþ íîòó 15
ñåêóíä,  ñòàðàÿñü  èçäàâàòü  ïîñòîÿííûé  çâóê.  ×åðåç  íåêîòîðîå âðåìÿ
 êàæäóþ   íîòó   ìîæíî   ðàñòÿíóòü.   Îêàçûâàåòñÿ,   âû   ñ  óäèâëåíèåì
 îáíàðóæèâàåòå,  ÷òî  çâóêè,  êîòîðûå  ïðîèçâîäÿòñÿ  ñ  áîëüøèì òðóäîì,
ñîîòâåòñòâóþò ÷àêðàì, êîòîðûå çàáëîêèðîâàíû!
  
Êàæäàÿ  íîòà  â  ðÿäó  ñîîòâåòñòâóåò ÷àêðå, òî÷íî òàê æå è êàæäàÿ ðàãà
 ñîîòâåòñòâóåò  ýíåðãåòè÷åñêîìó  öåíòðó. Áîëåå òîãî, ðàãà ñîçäàåòñÿ äëÿ
 ïðîñëóøèâàíèÿ   â  îïðåäåëåííûé  ìîìåíò  íî÷è  èëè  äíÿ  (ýòèì   ìîæíî
 îáúÿñíèòü   ïîçäíåå   âðåìÿ  íåêîòîðûõ  êîíöåðòîâ  â  ïðèñóòñòâèè  Øðè
 Ìàòàäæè). Ýôôåêòèâíîñòü ðàãè çàâèñèò îò ýòîé õàðàêòåðèñòèêè.
Çäåñü  ïðèâåäåíà  òàáëèöà,  ïîêàçûâàþùàÿ  ñîîòíîøåíèå  ìåæäó  ðàãàìè è
 ÷àêðàìè,  à  òàêæå âðåìÿ, äëÿ íàèáîëåå áëàãîïðèÿòíîãî ïðîñëóøèâàíèÿ, â
 êîòîðîå îíè áûëè ñîçäàíû:
Ìóëàäàðà: ðàãà "Øóääõà Áèëüâàëü", ðàãà "Øüÿì Êàëüÿí" - óòðî.
Ñâàäèñòàí: ðàãà "ßìàí" - ðàãà "Òîäè" - ñ 6 äî 8 ÷àñîâ âå÷åðà.
Íàáõè: ðàãà "Ãóíêàëè" - ðàãà "Ëàëèò" - ñ 5 äî 7 ÷àñîâ óòðà.
Âîéä: ðàãà "Ìàëêàíñ" - îò ïîëóíî÷è äî 2 ÷àñîâ óòðà.
Ñåðäöå: ðàãà "Áõàéðàâè" - ñ4 äî 5 ÷àñîâ âå÷åðà.
Öåíòðàëüíîå Ñåðäöå: ðàãà "Äóðãà" - ïîëíî÷ü.
Âèøóääõè: ðàãà "Äæàéäæè Âàíòè" - ñ 9 âå÷åðà äî 2 ÷àñîâ íî÷è.
Õàìñà: ðàãà "Õàìñà Äâàíè" - ñ 6 äî 8 ÷àñîâ âå÷åðà.
Àãèÿ: ðàãà "Áõóïàëè" -  ñ 6 äî 8 ÷àñîâ âå÷åðà.
Ñàõàñðàðà: ðàãà "Áõàéðàâè" - ðàãà "Äàðáàðè" -ñ 5 äî 7 ÷àñîâ óòðà.

--
Best regards,
  S.Y. news centre                          mailto:inform@sahajnews.mtu-net.ru
 
Çèìíèé òóð Þâà Øàêòè.htm
 
                                   Çèìíèé òóð

                                                     ã. Áèéñê, 20 îêòÿáðÿ 2000ã.

Áîëüøèíñòâî  Ñàõàäæè-éîãîâ  ó  íàñ  â Ðîññèè, äà è çà ðóáåæîì îùóùàþò íåäîñòàòîê
 îáùåíèÿ  ìåæäó  êîëëåêòèâàìè  ãîðîäîâ,  íåäîñòàòîê,  êàê â âèáðàöèîííîì, òàê è â
 èíôîðìàöèîííîì  îáìåíå.  Êàê  íàì  êàæåòñÿ,  ïðèøëî  âðåìÿ  îáúåäèíèòüñÿ  â îäíó
 îãðîìíóþ,  ñèëüíóþ  ñåìüþ.  Âåðíåå  ñêàçàòü,  íàñòóïèëà  ïîðà ó÷èòüñÿ áûòü îäíîé
 ñåìüåé.  Îñîáîå âíèìàíèå òðåáóåòñÿ ìîëîäûì ëþäÿì, ïðàêòèêóþùèì Ñàõàäæè - éîãó. È
 äëÿ ýòîãî ìû ïðåäëàãàåì ñîáðàòü <Çèìíèé òóð> Þâà - Øàêòè.

Èòàê,  áðàòüÿ è ñåñòðû â âîçðàñòå îò 15 äî 35 ëåò ïðèãëàøàþòñÿ ñ 16 ÿíâàðÿ ïî 21
ÿíâàðÿ  2001 ãîäà ïðîâåñòè ñåìèíàð â óíèêàëüíîì ìåñòå Ãîðíîãî Àëòàÿ â 230 êì. îò
 ãîðîäà  Áèéñêà, íà âûñîòå 1780 ìåòðîâ, â êåäðîâîì ëåñó, â ó÷åáíî - òðåíèðîâî÷íîì
 öåíòðå  <Ñåìèíñêèé  ïåðåâàë>.  Ñïîðòèâíàÿ  áàçà  ðàñïîëîæåíà  íà  ñàìîé  âåðøèíå
 ïåðåâàëà.  Êðèñòàëüíî  ÷èñòûé  âîçäóõ,  çâåíÿùàÿ òèøèíà, ñèëà è ÷èñòîòà âèáðàöèé
 ñîçäàþò  óíèêàëüíîå  ìåäèòàöèîííîå  ñîñòîÿíèå.  Â  äàëè  âåðøèíû  Ãîðíîãî  Àëòàÿ
 ïðîñìàòðèâàþòñÿ  íà ìíîãèå äåñÿòêè êèëîìåòðîâ. Èìåííî çäåñü ïðîâîäèëè è ïðîâîäÿò
 ïîäãîòîâêó ìíîãèå ÷åìïèîíû ìèðà, Åâðîïû.

Äèðåêòîð  ÓÒÖ  <Ñåìèíñêèé ïåðåâàë> ëþáåçíî ïðåäîñòàâëÿåò íàì, ñ áîëüøîé ñêèäêîé,
áëàãîóñòðîåííûå  2õ è Çõ ìåñòíûå íîìåðà, áîëüøîé ìåäèòàöèîííûé çàë - íà âñå äíè.
Òðåõðàçîâîå   ïèòàíèå   îáëåã÷èò  íàøå  íàõîæäåíèå  â  ñòîëü  óíèêàëüíîì  ìåñòå.
Äîïîëíèòåëüíî ïðåäëàãàþòñÿ: êîííûå ïðîãóëêè, ïðîêàò ãîðíûõ è áåãîâûõ ëûæ, ãîðíûé
 ïîäúåìíèê, ñïîðòçàë, ñàóíà.

Âñå  ýòî  ñïîñîáñòâóåò  íå òîëüêî ïëîäîòâîðíîé ðàáîòå ñî ñâîèì äóõîì, íî è îòäûõ
 âñåãî òåëà îò ãîðîäñêîé ñóåòû.

Ïðîäîëæèòåëüíîñòü òóðà 5 äíåé.

Â ïðîãðàììå: ìåäèòàöèè, ñåìèíàðû, ìóçûêàëüíûå ïðîãðàììû, õàâàí è ïóäæà.

Ñòîèìîñòü òóðà:

Ïðîæèâàíèå - 85 ðóá. â ñóòêè
 Ïèòàíèå ~ 65 ðóá. â ñóòêè.
Èòîãî çà 5 äíåé ~ 750 ðóáëåé
 Òðàíñïîðòíûå  ðàñõîäû îò Áèéñêà äî ÓÒÖ <Ñåìèíñêèé ïåðåâàë> è îáðàòíî ìû áåðåì íà
 ñåáÿ.

Äëÿ  ó÷àñòèÿ  â  òóðå  íåîáõîäèìî  äî  15  äåêàáðÿ 2000 ãîäà ñîîáùèòü êîëè÷åñòâî
 ó÷àñòíèêîâ  èç âñåõ ãîðîäîâ, (äëÿ òîãî, ÷òîáû çàðàíåå çàáðîíèðîâàòü îïðåäåëåííîå
 êîëè÷åñòâî  ìåñò.)  1  Âñòðå÷à  ñîñòîèòñÿ  16  ÿíâàðÿ  â  ãîðîäå Áèéñêå â "Êëóáå
 æåëåçíîäîðîæíèêîâ" â 150 ìåòðàõ îò Æåëåçíîäîðîæíîãî âîêçàëà.

Óòðîì 17 ÿíâàðÿ ñàäèìñÿ íà àâòîáóñû è åäåì äî ÓÒÖ "Ñåìèíñêèé ïåðåâàë".

Â  äðóãèå  äíè àâòîáóñîâ íå áóäåò, êàê äîáðàòüñÿ ñàìîñòîÿòåëüíî, ìîæíî óçíàòü ïî
 óêàçàííûì íèæå òåëåôîíàì.

Çàÿâêè ïîäàâàòü ïî òåëåôîíàì â Áèéñêå:

8 - (3854)   - 22-92-97   Ãàëèíà Àíòîíîâíà
             - 32-52-41
              - 23-36-04   Áðûçãàëîâ Äìèòðèé

                                      Ñ óâàæåíèåì è áîëüøèì æåëàíèåì âñòðåòèòñÿ,
                                                                   Áðûçãàëîâ Ä.À.

-------------------------------------------------
Óâàæàåìûå  Ñàõàäæà Éîãè! Ó íàñ åñòü ôîòîãðàôèè ñ Äèâàëè Ïóäæè â ýëåêòðîííîì âèäå
(jpeg).  Åñëè Âû õîòèòå èõ ïîëó÷èòü ïî ýëåêòðîííîé ïî÷òå, íàïèøèòå íàì ïèñüìî ïî
 àäðåñó inform@sahajnews.mtu-net.ru. Îáúåì - îêîëî 200 êá.


--
Best regards,
  S.Y. news centre                       mailto:inform@sahajnews.mtu-net.ru
 

Èç áåñåäû Øðè Ìàòàäæè.htm
 
Èç áåñåäû Øðè Ìàòàäæè ïîñëå Ïóäæè Ñàõàñðàðå, 7 ìàÿ 2000, Êàáåëëà, Èòàëèÿ.

 "-×òîáû  íàïðàâèòü  Ìîå âíèìàíèå íà âñå ýòè ñôåðû æèçíè, êîòîðûå î÷åíü
 âàæíû.  È,  ôàêòè÷åñêè,  ß  äåðæó âíèìàíèå íà íèõ âñåõ. È çàáî÷óñü îáî
 âñåì  ýòîì. Íî ß áû ñêàçàëà, ÷òî òåïåðü âñå âû ìîæåòå íàïðàâèòü íà ýòî
 âàøå  âíèìàíèå. Ïîòîìó ÷òî èìåííî âû ìîæåòå ÷òî-íèáóäü ñäåëàòü â ñâÿçè
 ñ  ýòèì.  Ìîæåòå íà÷àòü ñ ïðèðîäû; êàê ãîâîðèëè: "Íóæíî áûòü äîáðûìè ñ
 ïðèðîäîé".  Ó  íàñ  òàêèå ïðîáëåìû - ëþäè âûðóáàþò äåðåâüÿ, òâîðÿò âñå
 ïîäîáíûå  âåùè,  äàæå  íå  äóìàÿ,  ÷òî  äëÿ  ïîòîìêîâ  çäåñü îñòàíåòñÿ
 ïóñòûíÿ.  Òî  æå  ñàìîå  âåðíî  äëÿ âñåãî. Äëÿ âàøèõ ôðóêòîâûõ ñàäîâ è
 ñåëüñêîãî  õîçÿéñòâà  âèáðàöèè ìîãóò, â ñàìîì äåëå, èçìåíèòü ìíîãîå. Ó
 íàñ  áûë â ñàäó - âû íå ïîâåðèòå - ïèîí, âîò òàêîé, äàæå áîëüøå ýòîãî;
î÷åíü  áîëüøîé;  ìû  íèêîãäà íå âèäåëè òàêîãî öâåòêà. Ó íàñ òàêæå áûëè
 òþëüïàíû  -  âîò  òàêèå  áîëüøèå  -  ß íå ìîãëà ïðåäñòàâèòü ñåáå òàêèõ
 òþëüïàíîâ. Ñ ïîìîùüþ âèáðàöèé ìîæíî âåçäå ïîïðàâèòü äåëà.

Ñêàæåì,  âû  èäåòå  è  âñòðå÷àåòåñü  ñ êàêèì-íèáóäü ïîëèòèêîì. Äàâàéòå
 ïîñìîòðèì.  Èëè ñ êàêîé-òî ïîëèòè÷åñêîé ïàðòèåé. Òîãäà ïðèìåíÿéòå ñâîè
 ðóêè è âñå âðåìÿ äàâàéòå èì áàíäàíû. Ìîæåòå ñèäåòü çà ñòîëîì íàïðîòèâ,
à ïîä ñòîëîì ïðîäîëæàéòå äàâàòü èì áàíäàí.

Ó  âàñ  åñòü  ñïîñîáíîñòè.  Íî  åñëè íå èñïîëüçîâàòü ñâîè ñïîñîáíîñòè,
òîãäà  ýòî  áåñïîëåçíî.  Åñëè  âû  âñå  âðåìÿ  òîëüêî  è  äóìàåòå, ÷òî
 íåîáõîäèìî òîëüêî ïèòàòü ñåáÿ è çàáîòèòüñÿ î ñåáå - âñå ýòè äíè òåïåðü
 óøëè: âû äîëæíû ïîçàáîòèòüñÿ îá îñòàëüíûõ.

ß  î÷åíü ñ÷àñòëèâà âñåì, ÷òî îíè ïîêàçàëè, è âñå Ìîå âíèìàíèå óæå òàì.
Íî åñëè è âû òîæå íàïðàâèòå âàøå âíèìàíèå- Êàê âû çíàåòå, ß óæå êóïèëà
 ñåìü î÷åíü áîëüøèõ ó÷àñòêîâ çåìëè - îò ïÿòèäåñÿòè äî øåñòèäåñÿòè àêðîâ
 çåìëè  â  Ìàõàðàøòðå äëÿ ðàçëè÷íûõ ïðîåêòîâ, è ýòè ïðîåêòû óæå íà÷àòû.
Òåïåðü  è  â Äåëè òîæå ó íàñ åñòü áîëüøîé-áîëüøîé çàâîä äëÿ ðàçìåùåíèÿ
 æåíùèí.  Ñíà÷àëà,  äóìàëà  ß,  íàì  íóæíî ñäåëàòü ÷òî-òî íà ñîöèàëüíîì
 óðîâíå,  òàê  ÷òî  âñå  ýòî  åñòü; òåïåðü ìû îòêðûëè øêîëó, ìû îòêðûëè
 Àêàäåìèþ,  è  ñíîâà  ñîáèðàåìñÿ  ïîëó÷èòü  åùå  îäíó àêàäåìèþ, à òàêæå
 îáó÷àåì  ìîëîäûõ  ëþäåé  ñïåöèàëüíûì  çíàíèÿì  è  âñå  òàêîå. Èíäèÿ íå
 íàñòîëüêî  ïðîãðåññèâíà  â  ýòèõ  âåùàõ  ïî  ñðàâíåíèþ  ñ  âàìè.  Íî â
 îòíîøåíèè  Èíäèè  åñòü  íå÷òî î÷åíü âåëèêîå, âîçìîæíî, ýòî èç-çà íàøåé
 êóëüòóðû,  èç-çà  èíäèéñêîãî  ñòèëÿ  æèçíè, óâàæåíèÿ, ëþäè ñòàëè î÷åíü
 õîðîøî  îñíàùåííûìè äëÿ ïðîãðàììíîãî îáåñïå÷åíèÿ, ïîíèìàåòå, âîò êàêîå
 äåëî.  Îíè î÷åíü ñîîáðàçèòåëüíûå â ïðîãðàììíîì îáåñïå÷åíèè, ïîòîìó ÷òî
 èõ  âíèìàíèå  ïðîíèêàåò  âíóòðü.  Èòàê, åñëè âû òîæå ïðîíèêíåòå â âàøå
 âíèìàíèå, ß èìåþ â âèäó, âû ìîæåòå äîñòè÷ü òîãî æå - âû âûøå, ÷åì îíè.
Íî,  áëàãîäàðÿ  òîìó,  ÷òî  îíè  âîñïèòàíû  â ýòîé êóëüòóðå, îíè î÷åíü
 ñîîáðàçèòåëüíûå,  íî âíèìàíèå èõ íå ðàçâåðíóòî. Îíî íå ðàçâåðíóòî, îíî
 òîëüêî  â  îäíîé  òî÷êå,  è  îíî  ïðîíèêàåò âíóòðü î÷åíü õîðîøî, è îíè
 ñåé÷àñ  òàê  õîðîøî  ïðåóñïåâàþò,  ÷òî ïðèäåò äåíü, è Èíäèÿ ñòàíåò åùå
 îäíîé  ïðîöâåòàþùåé  ñòðàíîé.  Â  îáùåì, ýòî òî, ÷òî äîëæíî ïðîèçîéòè;
ïðåæäå  âñåãî  íàøà  êóëüòóðà äîëæíà áûòü ïðèâåäåíà â òàêîå ñîñòîÿíèå,
÷òîáû  äåòè ïîëó÷àëè âñå ïîçèòèâíûå èäåè è õîðîøèé õàðàêòåð, è äîëæíîå
 ïîâåäåíèå.  Ñ  ëþáîâüþ, ñèìïàòèåé. Íî íå ïîðòèòü èõ, íå ïîðòèòü èõ. Èõ
 íóæíî  âîñïèòûâàòü òàê, ÷òîáû îíè ðàçâèâàëè íàäëåæàùèé âçãëÿä íà âñå â
 öåëîì,  à òàêæå ðàçâèâàòü ïðîíèêíîâåíèå èõ âíèìàíèÿ. Íî åñëè âñå âðåìÿ
 ïåðåêëþ÷àòü  âíèìàíèå, òî ñ âíóòðåííåé ñòîðîíîé ïîêîí÷åíî, ïîòîìó ÷òî,
ïîíèìàåòå,  âíèìàíèå  ñòàíîâèòñÿ,  ÷òî  íàçûâàåòñÿ, íåïðèãîäíûì. Èòàê,
òàêîå  ïðîíèêíîâåíèå  âíèìàíèÿ  äîëæíî  áûòü  îñîçíàíî.  Òî  æå ñàìîå,
íàïðèìåð,  âû ñìîòðèòå íà êàêîå-íèáóäü äåðåâî. Òîãäà ïðîñòî íàáëþäàéòå
 çà  íèì.  Ñ  ëþáîâüþ.  Ïîéìèòå,  î ÷åì ñ âàìè áåñåäóåò äåðåâî, ÷òî îíî
 ãîâîðèò;  âû  ñìîòðèòå  íà  ãîðó,  òîãäà  ïðîñòî ïîáåñåäóéòå ñ ãîðîé è
 ïîéìèòå,  ÷òî  âàì  ãîâîðèò ãîðà. Íàïðàâüòå âàøå âíèìàíèå ïîëíîñòüþ íà
 îäèí ïðåäìåò è ïîéìèòå ñàìè äëÿ ñåáÿ. Ýòî î÷åíü ïîìîæåò âàì; íî åñëè ó
 âàñ  âíèìàíèå,  êîòîðîå  âñå âðåìÿ ñëåäèò çà îäíèì, ñëåäèò çà äðóãèì è
 êðèòèêóåò - ýòî åùå îäèí ïóòü, ãäå óïóñêàåòñÿ âíèìàíèå, ìíîãî âíèìàíèÿ
 óõîäèò íà ýòî.

Â  òðåòüèõ, ìîæåò áûòü, êàê ãîâîðÿò, ñàìîìíåíèå; - ýòî íàèõóäøåå äåëî.
Òîãäà  â  ýòîì  âû  íè÷åãî  íå ñ÷èòàåòå âàæíûì, ïðîñòî óïîðñòâóåòå, âû
 îçàáî÷åíû  ñîáñòâåííîé  çíà÷èìîñòüþ.  Åñòü  òàê ìíîãî ïóòåé. Íî ëó÷øèé
 ñïîñîá  -  ýòî  óçíàòü,  êàê  óïðàâëÿòü  ñîáñòâåííûì  âíèìàíèåì  è êàê
 óïðàâëÿòü  äðóãèìè  ëþäüìè,  ýòî  î÷åíü  âàæíî. Äëÿ ñàõàäæà éîãà î÷åíü
 âàæíî,  êàê  îáðàùàòüñÿ  ñ  ëþäüìè.  Ïîíèìàåòå,  åñëè  âû äåëàåòå äåëà
 íàäëåæàùèì  îáðàçîì,  áëàãîïðèñòîéíî,  â  ïðèÿòíîé  ìàíåðå, ÷òî ñóìåþò
 îöåíèòü,  òîãäà  âû  íàéäåòå  òàê  ìíîãî äðóçåé, è îíè áóäóò ñòàðàòüñÿ
 ïîíÿòü,  ïî÷åìó  âû  òàêîé,  ïî÷åìó âû òàêîé óìèðîòâîðåííûé, ïî÷åìó âû
 òàêîé  äîáðûé,  ïî÷åìó  âû  íå âîçáóæäåíû êàê îñòàëüíûå. Òàê ÷òî ìîæíî
 óïðî÷èòü  ýòî  â âàøåì ñîáñòâåííîì ñòèëå æèçíè. Íî êîãäà èìååøü äåëî ñ
 îñòàëüíûìè,  ìîæíî  ñêàçàòü,  ÷òî ñîöèàëüíûå âçàèìîîòíîøåíèÿ ñ äðóãèìè
 î÷åíü âàæíû.

Òåïåðü  íà  êàêîì  óðîâíå âàì íóæíî íà÷èíàòü, ìîãó ñêàçàòü, çàâèñèò îò
 âàøåãî  òåìïåðàìåíòà  è  ñïîñîáíîñòåé;  íî  â  ëþáîé èç ýòèõ îáëàñòåé,
êîòîðûå  âû  ñ÷èòàåòå âàæíûìè, âû ìîæåòå ïðîñòî ïðîáîâàòü íàéòè, â ÷åì
 çàêëþ÷àåòñÿ  ðåøåíèå. Êàê âû ìîæåòå ïîìî÷ü. Êàê âû ìîæåòå ñäåëàòü ýòî.
Âû  âñå  ýòî ìîæåòå äåëàòü. Âàì ñîâñåì íå íóæíî ñîçäàâàòü êàêóþ-íèáóäü
 ïàðòèþ,  ÷òîáû  áîðîòüñÿ  ñ  ÷åì óãîäíî, íî íàïðàâëÿÿ âàøå ñîáñòâåííîå
 âíèìàíèå,  âû  áóäåòå  çíàòü  ðåøåíèÿ  ìíîãèõ ïðîáëåì. Ìíîãèå ïðîáëåìû
 ìîæíî  ðåøèòü,  åñëè  âû íàéäåòå ðåøåíèå. Íî ðåøåíèå âû ìîæåòå íàéòè ñ
 ïîìîùüþ  ñîñðåäîòî÷åíèÿ  íà  ýòîì  - âîò ÷òî î÷åíü âàæíî. È åñëè âû íà
 ñàìîì  äåëå  ñìîæåòå  ýòî  ñäåëàòü,  âñå  ýòè  ïðîáëåìû, ñ êîòîðûìè âû
 ñòàëêèâàåòåñü ñåãîäíÿ â ýòèõ ðàçëè÷íûõ ñôåðàõ æèçíè, ìîæíî áóäåò ëåãêî
 ðåøèòü,  ýòî  íå òàê óæ òðóäíî. Ñåìåéíàÿ æèçíü, êàê âû ãîâîðèëè; ìîæåì
 ëè  ìû ðåøèòü ýòó ïðîáëåìó, çàâèñÿò ëè îò æåíû èëè ìóæà èõ îòíîøåíèÿ -
î÷åíü ïðîñòî. Òàê èëè èíà÷å, íàøà ïîäîïëåêà òàêîâà, ÷òî ìû íå ïîíèìàåì
 ïðîñòûõ  âåùåé:  ìû  ïîíèìàåì  òîëüêî  ñëîæíûå âåùè. Åñëè îáðàùàòüñÿ ñ
 ëþäüìè  íà  ðàçíûõ  óðîâíÿõ  â  ýòèõ  ðàçíûõ àñïåêòàõ æèçíè ïðîñòî, âû
 óäèâèòåñü,  âû áóäåòå íàìíîãî ïîïóëÿðíåå; ëþäè çàõîòÿò óçíàòü, ÷òî ýòî
 òàêîå.

ß  ðàññêàæó  âàì  îá  îäíîì  äæåíòëüìåíå, åãî çâàëè ìèñòåð Äõîìàë, åãî
 áîëüøå íåò, íî åãî ïîìíÿò; îí æèë â äåðåâíå è îáû÷íî çàáîòèëñÿ î ïîëÿõ
 è  òàê  äàëåå,  îí  áûë  ÷åì-òî âðîäå ôåðìåðà. È êàê-òî ðàç îí ïîëó÷èë
 ðåàëèçàöèþ  â  Ïóíå.  Ïîñëå ïîëó÷åíèÿ ðåàëèçàöèè â Ïóíå îí âåðíóëñÿ íà
 ñîáñòâåííîå  ìåñòî  è  íà÷àë òàì Ñàõàäæà Éîãó. È îí äàâàë ðåàëèçàöèþ è
 âñå  òàêîå.  È  ýòî  áûëî  óäèâèòåëüíî,  ïîòîìó ÷òî îí, ôàêòè÷åñêè, íå
 ïðèõîäèë  êî  Ìíå,  è  íèêîãäà  áîëüøå  íå ïðèåçæàë â Ïóíó; ïîíèìàåòå,
íåîæèäàííî  îí  ðàçâèë  òàêîé ñîñðåäîòî÷åííûé óì, è ëþäè ãîâîðèëè ìíå:
 "Ìàòü,  îí  ïðèâåë  òàê  ìíîãî  ñàõàäæà  éîãîâ". Îí ðàçâèë ýòî ñ òàêèì
 ïîíèìàíèåì,  è êîãäà îíè ïîåõàëè òóäà, òî óäèâèëèñü, ÷òî ó íåãî áîëüøå
 ñàõàäæà  éîãîâ,  ÷åì  áûëî ó íàñ â Ïóíå. Òîãäà êàê â Ïóíå áûëè ñàõàäæà
 éîãè,  âûïîëíÿþùèå  ýòó  ðàáîòó,  íî  ýòîò  îäèí-åäèíñòâåííûé  ÷åëîâåê
 èçìåíèë  âñå  ïîíÿòèÿ  ëþäåé  â  Àõìàäíàãàðå  è  Ëàòóðå.  È  ýòî  áûëî
 óäèâèòåëüíî,  ß èìåþ â âèäó, îí áûë òîãäà ñîâåðøåííî ïðîñòûì ÷åëîâåêîì
 è ôåðìåðîì. À ïîòîì îí íà÷àë ïðèìåíÿòü âèáðàöèè äëÿ ñâîåé äåÿòåëüíîñòè
 è  ïðî÷åãî.  È  áûëî  òàê çàìå÷àòåëüíî, âåäü íà ñàìîì äåëå îí áûë, êàê
 ãîâîðèëè,  íå ñëèøêîì îáðàçîâàííûì èëè çíàþùèì, íî ìû âñåãäà ïðèåçæàëè
 è  îñòàíàâëèâàëèñü  â åãî äîìå è áûëè äåéñòâèòåëüíî î÷àðîâàíû òåì, êàê
 îí  ñòàðàëñÿ âûðàçèòü ñâîþ äóõîâíîñòü îñòàëüíûì. Òî÷íî òàê æå è âû âñå
 ìîæåòå äåëàòü ýòî.

Òåïåðü  ß  ïîíÿëà,  ÷òî  ìû î÷åíü çàñòåí÷èâûå. Çàñòåí÷èâûå â îòíîøåíèè
 Ñàõàäæà  Éîãè.  Îäíàæäû  ß  ëåòåëà  â  ñàìîëåòå è òàì áûëà îäíà äàìà -
ñîâåðøåííî  íàäîåäëèâàÿ.  Òàê ÷òî ß ñïðîñèëà ó íåå, êòî åå ãóðó. È îíà
 óíåñëàñü  â  äðóãóþ  ñôåðó, îïèñûâàÿ ýòîãî ãóðó, îí òàêîé-òî; ß çíàþ -
ýòîò  ãóðó  ïðåäñòàâëÿåò  ñîáîé  óæàñíóþ  ñèëó, ß èìåþ â âèäó, óæàñíóþ
 ëæèâóþ  ëè÷íîñòü,  îòâðàòèòåëüíî.  Íî îíà òàê ñèëüíî ðàñõâàëèâàëà åãî,
ìíîãîãî  íå  çíàÿ;  îíà  áû  òàê  ãîâîðèëà  è  ãîâîðèëà áåç êîíöà; è ß
 ñêàçàëà:  "Ïîñìîòðèòå  íà  ýòó  æåíùèíó: êàê ìíîãî îíà ãîâîðèò î ñâîåì
 ãóðó."  È  çà÷åì íàì èñïûòûâàòü ðîáîñòü, ãîâîðÿ î Ñàõàäæà Éîãå? Ñïåðâà
 íà÷íèòå    ðàññêàçûâàòü    î    Ñàõàäæà   Éîãå   äåðåâüÿì,   âîçìîæíî,
ïîòðåíèðîâàâøèñü òàêèì îáðàçîì, âû ïîòîì ñìîæåòå íà÷àòü ðàññêàçûâàòü î
 Ñàõàäæà  Éîãå äðóãèì. Âû ìîæåòå îñóùåñòâèòü ýòî, âû äîëæíû ýòî äåëàòü.
Ëþáîé,  êîìó  âû íåîáõîäèìû, äîëæåí âèäåòü âàñ, ñïðàøèâàòü âàñ, ïîòîìó
 ÷òî áóäåò ñîâåðøåííî î÷åâèäíî ïî âàøåìó ëèöó, ïî âàøåìó ïîâåäåíèþ, ÷òî
 âû  íåîáûêíîâåííûé  ÷åëîâåê. Íî ïîñëå ýòîãî âû äîëæíû íà÷èíàòü îòêðûòî
 ãîâîðèòü  îá ýòîì. Åñëè áû ÿ áûëà òàêîé æå ðîáêîé êàê âû, Ñàõàäæà Éîãà
 íå  ðàñïðîñòðàíèëàñü  áû. Òàê ÷òî îíè íà÷èíàþò ðîáåòü ïî ýòîìó ïîâîäó.
Âàì íàäî ïðîñòî çíàòü, ÷òî âû - ñàõàäæà éîãè, âû âñå ñóôèè è âû ìîæåòå
 îòêðûòî  ãîâîðèòü  ñ  ëþäüìè  -  ñî  âñåìè  ëþäüìè, êîòîðûõ âñòðåòèòå.
Ïîñòåïåííî,  âû  óäèâèòåñü,  îíè  óâèäÿò âàø õàðàêòåð, îíè óâèäÿò âàøó
 ïðèðîäó  è  ôîðìó. Êàê ýòîò Äõîìàë; îäíàæäû îí îòïðàâèëñÿ â îäèí îôèñ,
îí   äîëæåí  áûë  ïîëó÷èòü  òàì  êàêóþ-òî  ðàáîòó,  è  òîãäà  îí  ñòàë
 ðàññêàçûâàòü  èì  "ÿ  õî÷ó  ñäåëàòü  òî-òî  è  òî-òî";  îí  áûë  òàêèì
 óìèðîòâîðåííûì  è  ðàäîñòíûì, ÷òî îíè ñïðîñèëè åãî, ñ êàêîé ôàáðèêè îí
 ïîëó÷àåò  ïðîäîâîëüñòâèå, - ïîíèìàåòå, îíè íå ìîãëè ïîíÿòü, êàê îí ìîã
 îñòàâàòüñÿ   òàêèì   ñïîêîéíûì   è   òàêèì  ÷åñòíûì,  è  òàêèì  âåñüìà
 ïðîíèêíîâåííûì.  È ýòî îáåñïå÷èëî åìó âñþ âîçìîæíóþ ïîïóëÿðíîñòü â òîì
 îôèñå  -  ýòî  áûë  çàêóïî÷íûé  îôèñ.  È  òàê  ìíîãî ëþäåé ïðèõîäèëè è
 ñïðàøèâàëè  åãî,  à  îí  ãîâîðèë:  "ß  ïîñëåäîâàòåëü  Øðè Ìàòàäæè, ÿ -
ñàõàäæà  éîã,  è  âû  âñå  ìîæåòå ñòàòü ñàõàäæà éîãàìè". Îíè ãîâîðèëè:
 "Õîðîøî, ìû òîæå ñòàíåì". Âîò òàê.

Òàê  ÷òî  íå íóæíî ñòåñíÿòüñÿ Ñàõàäæà Éîãè. Èíà÷å, ÷òî ïðîèñõîäèò: îíà
 óëåòó÷èâàåòñÿ  âìåñòå ñ âàìè. Èòàê, ß ýòî âñå âðåìÿ ãîâîðèëà, è ñíîâà,
è  ñíîâà  âñå  òå âåùè, ÷òî ß ãîâîðèëà, îêàçûâàþòñÿ î÷åíü ê ìåñòó. Ìîå
 âíèìàíèå òàì, è ß - ß, äîëæíî áûòü, åäèíñòâåííàÿ æåíùèíà âî âñåì ìèðå,
êîòîðàÿ  ÷èòàåò âñå ãàçåòû; îáû÷íî æåíùèíû íå ÷èòàþò ãàçåò, ïîòîìó ÷òî
 ýòî ãîëîâíàÿ áîëü. Íî ß ÷èòàþ ãàçåòû è ñòàðàþñü ïðîñëåäîâàòü è ïîïàñòü
 â  íóæíóþ  òî÷êó,  è,  õî÷ó  ñêàçàòü, âñåöåëî ó Ìåíÿ â ãîëîâå âñå, ÷òî
 êàñàåòñÿ ýòèõ âåùåé. Íî, ïîíèìàåòå, îäèí ÷åëîâåê íå â ñîñòîÿíèè äåëàòü
 ýòî. Íóæíî èìåòü äðóãèõ, êîòîðûå ìîãóò ñëóæèòü êàíàëàìè. Òàê ÷òî, ß áû
 ñêàçàëà, íå ñòåñíÿéòåñü, âû äîëæíû ãîâîðèòü îá ýòîì, íîñèòå çíà÷îê, ñî
 çíà÷êîì ëþäè áóäóò çàäàâàòü âàì âîïðîñ "êòî ýòî?", òîãäà âû ðàññêàæåòå
 èì.  Âû  äîëæíû ðàñêðûâàòü ñåáÿ òàê èëè èíà÷å, êàê âàì íðàâèòñÿ, è ýòî
 áóäåò  ðàáîòàòü  ëó÷øå.  Âñå  ýòè ïðîáëåìû ìîãóò áûòü ðåøåíû âàìè; âàñ
 äîâîëüíî  ìíîãî  çäåñü, è âû ïðåäñòàâëÿåòå òàêîå ìíîæåñòâî ïîçàäè âàñ.
Òàê  âû  ìîæåòå  ïîíÿòü,  ÷òî  âû  çà  ëè÷íîñòü, è íàñêîëüêî âû ìîæåòå
 âïå÷àòëÿòü ëþäåé. Õîðîøî? Ñïàñèáî âàì."
  

--
Best regards,
  S.Y. news centre                          mailto:inform@sahajnew.mtu-net.ru
 

Íîâîñòè - ïîäðîáíîñòè î ïðåäñòàÿùåé Ïóäæå.htm
 
Date: Monday, September 11, 2000, 8:11:14 AM
 Subject: Ganesha Puja Invitation

 ===8<==============Original message text===============
 To: Sahaja Yogis,
 Date: 11th September, 2000
 From: Michael Fogarty and Avinash Nichkawde, Sahaja Yoga, Sydney, Australia.

 By the Grace of our Divine Mother Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi
 Shri Ganesha Puja
 at Cabella Ligure, Italy - 15th, 16th, 17th September 2000

 The host countries of Australia, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia,
 New Zealand, Philippines, Russia, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand , Vietnam,
 and countries of the South African continent gladly invite their brothers and
 sisters from the four corners of the world to join in the celebrations and
 devotions
 to our Divine Mother in the aspect of ShriGanesha, and to celebrate
 international
 Sahaja marriages.

 By now most of the arrangements for a Puja weekend are well known, but just to
 highlight some of the main points again.

 Marriages
 By the Grace of Shri Mataji, international Sahaja marriages will be performed
 during the Puja weekend. Anyone wishing to get married who cannot go to India
 should come to Cabella.
 Marriage application forms (with colour photo) and the Country Leader's report
 should be sent by courier to the Castle at Cabella immediately if not already
 done.

 Musicians from Nagpur will add to the festivity of the occasion.

 Accommodation
 Women will stay in the hangar, men will stay in the big tent nearby.
 The leaders and principal organisers of the host countries should stay
 in the Villa Centrassi above Albera.

 Registrations
 To assist us with the registration, would national leaders please ensure the
 registration of all those attending from their country are on one list;
 that is, **all names on one list**, recording the amount each individual is
 paying, and the total. Registration will be at the usual place in the hangar.
 Payment to be in pounds sterling. An information desk will be set up in the
 hangar.

 Notification
 Please fax approximate numbers of men, women and children from your country,
 together with estimated arrival times to the Cabella fax +39 0143 919 527.
 Please do this as soon as possible.

 Parking
 Most cars can park next to the river near the hangar or in Cabella in the
 usual
 parking places.
 A shuttle service will be provided from Cabella to the hangar and vice versa
 (approximately every 20-30 minutes).

 Respect for Shri Mataji's Privacy
 The greatest respect should be paid to Our Divine Mother, Shri Mataji Nirmala
 Devi, by proper attention and respect for Her privacy. It is by Her Grace that
 we are permitted to have the Pujas in Cabella but we should remember at all
 times that this is Her private family home. The House and all property are
 strictly out of bounds. Only those who have permission or who are specifically
 requested by Shri Mataji should approach the house. This applies also to the
 leaders.

 Much love from the Ganesha Puja host countries!



 ===8<===========End of original message text===========

 --
 Best regards,
  S.Y. news centre                       mailto:inform@sahajnews.mtu-net.ru
 

Íîâîñòè Guru Puja Invitation.htm
 
Çäðàâñòâóéòå!

Ó  íàñ  áëàãîïîëó÷íî  ïðîøåë  ìîñêîâñêèé  òóð.  Âñå  áûëî  çàìå÷àòåëüíî. Íàñ ïî÷òèëè ñâîèì
 ïðèñóòñòâèåì  Éîãåøâàðè  Ìàõàäæàí,  Ãðåãóàð è Ñèìïë. Ïîäðîáíûé ðàññêàç, ìû íàäååìñÿ, áóäåò
 ãîòîâ ê êîíöó íåäåëè. À ðàññêàçà î Ïóäæå Øðè Àäè Øàêòè âñå íåò è íåò...

Â ýòîì ïèñüìå - ïðèãëàøåíèå íà Ïóäæó Ãóðó.

This is a forwarded message
 From: Mark Mays <sahajnet@sahajayoga.org>
 To: vidyavati@pop.halcyon.com <vidyavati@pop.halcyon.com>
 Date: Sunday, July 16, 2000, 8:23:37 PM
 Subject: Guru Puja Invitation
 ===8<==============Original message text===============
 GURU PUJA 2000
 21-23 July 1998

 The Sahaja Yogis of Belgium Holland and Italy are honoured to host this
 year's Guru Puja and invite the Sahaja Yoghis from all over the world to
 join together to worship the feet of Our Beloved Guru, Parampuja Shri
 Mataji Nirmala Devi.

 The following should be extended to all Sahaja Yogis.

 1.Date
 This year's Guru Puja will be held over 3 days from Friday 21 until Sunday
 23 July. To reap the maximum benefits from the Puja it is recommended that
 everyone arrive by Thursday evening and keep Monday morning free in case the
 Puja finishes in early hours of the morning.
 An information desk will be set up in the hangar.

 2.Respect for our Guru
 The greatest respect should be paid to Our Divine Guru, Shri Mataji Nirmala
 Devi, by proper attention and respect for Her privacy. It is by Her Grace we
 are permitted to have the Pujas in Cabella but we should remember at all
 times that this is Her private family home. The House and all property are
 strictly out of bounds. Only those who have permission or specifically
 requested by Shri Mataji should approach the house. This applies also to the
 leaders.

 3. Transport
 There is a very good public bus service from the airports to Stazione
 Centrale where the train to Arquata Scrivia can be taken. These trains run
 every two hours in the direction of Genova or Ventimiglia ( journey approx
 1hr 40 min). Tickets for the buses and trains can be bought from the
 airports. There is also a local bus service from Arquata to Cabella that
 runs from early morning until 22.40. For groups of six to eight it may be
 possible to arrange a mini bus from the airports. For larger groups buses
 can be arranged. Those requiring bus pick up should communicate their
 arrival and departure details and the number of the group. Please send
 these details as soon as possible to Finbar Anslow (mobile 0039-348-3018964)
 or to Cabella's fax : 0039-0143-919527.
 Due to the extensive nature of this Puja individual pick-up/returns will be
 limited to those of an "essential nature".

 4.Parking
 Most of the cars can park on the river's banks near the hangar or, of
 course, in Cabella in the usual parking area.
 A shuttle service will be provided from Cabella to the hangar and viceversa
 ( approx. every 20-30 min.)

 5.Accomodation
 Men will stay in the big tent, women in the hangar.

 6.Accounts
 The costs will be in line with Adi Shakti Puja.
 Please prepare all accounts before departure so that all money matters can
 be finalised on arrival at Cabella.
 RECEPTION WILL BE IN THE HANGAR, ALSO FOR ACCOUNTS.

 7. Visas/Invitations
 Those Sahaja Yogis that require invitations for visas should send the
 following information IMMEDIATELY by fax. Name (as on passport), date of
 birth, passport number and expiry date, fax number to send the invitations
 and the fax number of the Italian Consulate where the Visa is to be
 obtained.

 Please send approximate numbers of men, women and children on fax No.
 0039-06- 3092084 and also to Cabella on fax No.0039-0143-919527. Please do
 this as soon as possible.

 We thank you in advance for cheerful co-operation. As there will be around
 2000 people attending the seminar a co-operative spirit will be essential
 for the smooth running and ultimate success of this special occasion.
 Thank you for kind co-operation.

 Looking forward to meeting you all, love from your brothers and sisters
 of Belgium Holland and Italy.

 JAY SHRI MATAJI!

 Milan, 13-07-2000

 ===8<===========End of original message text===========
 --
 Best regards,
  S.Y. news centre                       mailto:inform@sahajnews.mtu-net.ru
 

Íîâîñòè èç Ïÿðíó.htm
 
Çäðàâñòâóéòå, óâàæàåìûå ñàõàäæà éîãè!

  24-25  èþíÿ  ó  íàñ â Ïÿðíó ïðîøåë ïåðâûé Áàëòèéñêèé Ñåìèíàð Þâà Øàêòè. Ñîáðàëèñü éîãè èç
 Êîõòëà-ßðâå,  Ïÿðíó  è  Ëèòâû. Âñåãî áûëî 16 ÷åëîâåê. Ýòî çíàìåíàòåëüíî, åñëè ó÷åñòü, ÷òî
 öåëüþ ñåìèíàðà áûëà îòðàáîòêà áðàòñêî-ñåñòðèíñêèõ îòíîøåíèé è ïðîâåäåíèå Ïóäæè Âèøíóìàéè.

  Ãîñòåé  ìû ðàçìåñòèëè íà äâóõ êâàðòèðàõ: â îäíîé - ñåñòðè÷åê, â äðóãîé - áðàòèøåê. Êàæäîå
 óòðî  íà÷èíàëîñü  ñ  êîëëåêòèâíîé  ìåäèòàöèè  íà  ëóæàéêå  íåäàëåêî  îò  äîìà.  Ìåäèòàöèÿ
 íà÷èíàëàñü â 7 ÷àñîâ. Âîîáùå ïðîãðàììà ñåìèíàðà áûëà î÷åíü íàñûùåííàÿ, âñå áûëî ðàñïèñàíî
 ïî ìèíóòàì, è ÷òî èíòåðåñíî, â òå÷åíèå âñåãî ñåìèíàðà íå áûëî íè îäíîé çàäåðæêè áîëåå ÷åì
 íà  10  ìèíóò,  íåñìîòðÿ  íà  òî,  ÷òî  ðåáÿòà  èç  Êîõòëà-ßðâå  ñîâåðøåííî íå ïðèó÷åíû ê
 äèñöèïëèíå.

  Â  ïðîãðàììó  ñåìèíàðà  âõîäèë êîëëåêòèâíûé øóáèòèíã, êîëëåêòèâíûå èãðû ó ìîðÿ, äîêëàäû è
 îáìåí  îïûòîì  ïî  ðàñïðîñòðàíåíèþ  ÑÉ  ñðåäè ìîëîäåæè, ïèêíèê íà áåðåãó ðåêè ñ ïåñíÿìè è
 òàíöàìè,  ñ  ïðèãîòîâëåííûìè  íà  êîñòðå  ñîñèñêàìè è ïå÷åíîé êàðòîøêîé, íà âòîðîé äåíü -
 ïðîñìîòð  ëåêöèè  Øðè Ìàòàäæè íà Ïóäæå Âèøíóìàéè â 1985 ã., à çàòåì ñàìà Ïóäæà. Ðåáÿòà èç
 Êîõòëà-ßðâå  ïðèâåçëè  ñ  ñîáîé  èíñòðóìåíòû, ïîýòîìó íàêîíåö-òî Ïóäæà â Ïÿðíó ïðîøëà ïîä
 æèâóþ ìóçûêó.

  Íà  Ïóäæå  ïðèñóòñòâîâàëà  òîëüêî  ìîëîäåæü, åñëè íå ñ÷èòàòü äâóõ ëèäåðîâ. Ýòî ñâÿçàíî ñî
 ñïåöèôèêîé Ïóäæè Âèøíóìàéè. Íà íåé ìîãóò ïðèñóòñòâîâàòü òîëüêî ÷èñòûå, íåâèííûå ñóùåñòâà.
  Âî âðåìÿ Ïóäæè ÷èòàëè èìåíà Øðè Ìàòàäæè. Ýòî äåëàëè äâà ÷åëîâåêà: áðàò è ñåñòðà, îäíî èìÿ
 áðàò,  ñëåäóþùåå  -  ñåñòðà  è  ò.ä., ÷òîáû óêðåïèòü áðàòñêî-ñåñòðèíñêèå îòíîøåíèÿ. Ààðòè
 äåëàëè  ïó÷êîì  áëàãîâîííûõ  ïàëî÷åê, êàê ýòî áûëî â Êàáåëëå íà Ïóäæå Ñàõàñðàðû. Âèáðàöèè
 áûëè  î÷åíü  ñèëüíûå,  îñîáåííî  êîãäà äåòè îìûâàëè ñòîïû Ìàòåðè. Ïîñòîÿííî ÷óâñòâîâàëîñü
 ïðèñóòñòâèå  íàøåé  Áîæåñòâåííîé  Ìàòåðè.  Îíà  áûëà  ñ  íàìè  âñå  âðåìÿ â òå÷åíèå âñåãî
 ñåìèíàðà.

  Ýòî  áûëî  ïîòðÿñàþùå! Âñå áûëè ñ÷àñòëèâû, ÷òî ñìîãëè ïðèåõàòü íà ýòîò ñåìèíàð. Íàäååìñÿ,
  ÷òî ïîäîáíûå ñåìèíàðû áóäóò ïðîâîäèòüñÿ ïî÷àùå.

--
Best regards,
  S.Y. news centre                          mailto:inform@sahajnew.mtu-net.ru
 

Íîâîñòè Ñàõàäæà Éîãè - 1.htm
 
Çäðàâñòâóéòå, óâàæàåìûå ñàõàäæà éîãè!

Ïðîñüáà  êî  âñåì,  ïîëó÷èâøèì  ýòî  ïèñüìî:  ïîñòàðàéòåñü,  ÷òîáû ýòà
 èíôîðìàöèÿ  äîøëà  äî âñåõ ïðîôåññèîíàëüíûõ ìóçûêàíòîâ - ñàõàäæà éîãîâ
 íàøåé ñòðàíû.

 **********************************************************************
Äîðîãèå áðàòüÿ è ñåñòðû!

Åùå  ðàç  ïðîñèì  îòêëèêíóòüñÿ  âñåõ  òåõ,  êòî èìååò ïðîôåññèîíàëüíûé
 óðîâåíü, ÷òîáû èãðàòü â ñèìôîíè÷åñêîì îðêåñòðå. (Èëè êòî çíàåò òàêèõ â
 âàøåì  ãîðîäå).  Â èþëå Øðè Ìàòàäæè áóäåò ïðîâîäèòü Øðè Êðèøíà Ïóäæó à
11  àâãóñòà  â  Ñàíêò-Ïåòåðáóðãå  íà  ôåñòèâàëå  áóäåò ïðîâåäåíà òàêæå
 Ïóäæà,  òîëüêî  â ðàìêàõ ôåñòèâàëÿ. Îðêåñòð ñàõàäæà éîãîâ ñîáèðàåòñÿ 1
ðàç  â  Àâãóñòå  ìåñÿöå  â  Ñàíêò-Ïåòåðáóðãå íà Âñåðîññèéñêîì ñåìèíàðå
 ñàõàäæà  éîãîâ,  êîòîðûé  ñîñòîèòñÿ  10,  11,12 àâãóñòà. (11 àâãóñòà -
Ïóäæà  Øðè Êðèøíå). Ìû ñîáèðàåìñÿ 6 àâãóñòà â Ïåòåðáóðãå äëÿ ðåïåòèöèè
 ñ  ïîñëåäóþùèì  êîíöåðòîì (èëè êîíöåðòàìè). Åñëè âû èãðàåòå â àíñàìáëå
 èëè "Solo", òî çàõâàòèòå òàêæå ýòè íîòû.

Âàø  ïðîåçä  â  îáà  êîíöà äîëæåí îáåñïå÷èòü öåíòð Ñàõàäæà Éîãè âàøåãî
 ãîðîäà  èëè  ðåãèîíà  (â ñîîòâåòñòâèè ñ óêàçàíèåì ëèäåðà Ðîññèè Ñåðãåÿ
 Ïåðåæîãèíà).  Ïðîæèâàíèå  è  ïðîïèòàíèå áåðåò íà ñåáÿ Ñàíêò-Ïåòåðáóðã.
Ïóñòü  âñå ýòî ñëîæèòñÿ òàê, êàê óãîäíî íàøåé Âåëèêîé Øðè Ìàòàäæè. Äëÿ
 ýòîãî  íåîáõîäèìî  ïåðåäàòü  ñâîè  äàííûå  (åùå ðàç, åñëè âû äàâàëè) î
 ñåáå: îáðàçîâàíèå, ïðàêòèêà èãðû â îðêåñòðå, íàëè÷èå èíñòðóìåíòà.


Íå çàáóäüòå îñòàâèòü ñâîè êîîðäèíàòû äëÿ ñâÿçè. (òåë. å-mail; fax)

Ïðèñûëàéòå   âàøè  ïèñüìà  ïî  àäðåñó:  e-mail:  natalym@actor.ru  äëÿ
 Äìèòðèåâà Àëåêñàíäðà èëè çâîíèòå ïî òåëåôîíàì:
 (812) 515-72-60, 515-72-69;
 (812) 164-48-29 (àøðàì).
                                                  Æäåì âàøèõ ñîîáùåíèé.
                                                     Äìèòðèåâ Àëåêñàíäð

--
Best regards,
  S.Y. news centre                   mailto:inform@sahajnews.mtu-net.ru 

Íîâîñòè Ñàõàäæà Éîãè.htm
 
                          Äæåé Øðè Ìàòàäæè!
                 Çäðàâñòâóéòå, äîðîãèå áðàòüÿ è ñåñòðû!

Ïðèíèìàÿ  ýñòàôåòó  îò óëüÿíîâñêîãî Þâà Øàêòè, ïèøåò Âàì Åëüêèí Ñåðãåé
 èç  ã.  Íàáåðåæíûå  ×åëíû.  Íåìíîãî  î  íàøåì ãîðîäå. Íåñìîòðÿ íà ñâîé
 îòíîñèòåëüíî  ìîëîäîé  âîçðàñò  -  30  ëåò,  îí çàíèìàåò 2-îå ìåñòî ïî
 âåëè÷èíå è êîëè÷åñòâó æèòåëåé â Ðåñïóáëèêå Òàòàðñòàí. Ðàñïîëîæåí îí íà
 ðåêå  Êàìà  è  îáÿçàí  ñâîèì  ðîæäåíèåì Êàìñêîìó àâòîìîáèëüíîìó çàâîäó
(âûïóñêàþùåìó  ãðóçîâûå  àâòîìîáèëè  ÊàìÀÇ). Ñàõàäæà-éîãà ïðèøëà â íàø
 ãîðîä  10  ëåò  íàçàä.  È  ñåé÷àñ ó íàñ 200-300 ïîñòîÿííî çàíèìàþùèõñÿ
(âñåãî  ðåàëèçîâàííûõ  ïðèìåðíî  5 òûñÿ÷, íî ýòî î÷åíü íå òî÷íî). Íàøè
 êîëëåêòèâíûå ãîðîäñêèå ïðîãðàììû ïðîõîäÿò ïî ïîíåäåëüíèêàì è ÷åòâåðãàì
 â  18  ÷àñîâ  â  àêòîâîì çàëå ñïîðòèâíîãî êîìïëåêñà "×åëíûãîðñòðîÿ". À
 òàêæå  ïî  ñðåäàì  òàì  æå  ïðîõîäÿò çàíÿòèÿ äëÿ íà÷èíàþùèõ. Þâà Øàêòè
 àêòèâíî   ó÷àñòâóåò   â   ýòîì   ìåðîïðèÿòèè:   äàåò   ñàìîðåàëèçàöèþ,
ðàññêàçûâàåò  î Øðè Ìàòàäæè, î òîíêîì òåëå, ÷àêðàõ è ò.ï. È åùå èíîãäà
 óñòðàèâàåì  íåáîëüøèå  êîíöåðòû,  çíàêîìÿ  ëþäåé  ñ íàøèì òâîð÷åñòâîì.
Íîâè÷êàì,  â  îñîáåííîñòè  èç  ÷èñëà ìîëîäûõ, ìû ñòàðàåìñÿ óäåëèòü êàê
 ìîæíî  áîëüøå  ñâîåãî âíèìàíèÿ. Ïðèãëàøàåì íà íàøè âñòðå÷è, ðåïèòèöèè,
ãäå  óæå ïî âîçìîæíîñòè è â çàâèñèìîñòè îò êîíêðåòíîãî ñëó÷àÿ ïðîâîäèì
 ñ  íèìè  ðàáîòó:  îáùàÿñü  íà  ðàçëè÷íûå  òåìû,  â  èòîãå  ñâîäÿ âñå ê
 Ñàõàäæà-éîãå - êàê ê óíèâåðñàëüíîìó ðåøåíèþ âñåõ ïðîáëåì.

Äî  íåäàâíåãî âðåìåíè â íàøåì öåíòðå, äà ÿ äóìàþ è â äðóãèõ òîæå, áûëà
 ïðîáëåìà  -  íèçêèé óðîâåíü äèñöèïëèíèðîâàííîñòè. Ê ïðèìåðó: ïðîãðàììû
 èëè ïóäæè ìû íà÷èíàåì â ëó÷øåì ñëó÷àå ñ ïîëó÷àñîâûì îïîçäàíèåì. Ðåøèëè
 ìû  ýòî  î÷åíü  ïðîñòî: ïåðåñòàëè æäàòü, ïîêà âñå ñîáåðóòñÿ è íà÷èíàëè
 êàê ïîëîæåíî. È ñî âðåìåíåì âñå ñòàëè ïðèõîäèòü âîâðåìÿ.

Þâà  Øàêòè  ñîáèðàåòñÿ  ïî âîñêðåñåíüÿì â àøðàìå, êîòîðûé ïðåäñòàâëÿåò
 ñîáîé  2-õ  êîìíàòíóþ  êâàðòèðó â öåíòðå ãîðîäà. Òàì ìû ïðîâîäèì ìèíè-
ïóäæè,  ìóçûêàëüíûå  ðåïèòèöèè, çàíÿòèÿ ñ äåòüìè. Êðîìå ýòîãî, ó íàñ 2
ðàçà  â  íåäåëþ ïðîõîäÿò çàíÿòèÿ èíäèéñêèõ êëàññè÷åñêèõ òàíöåâ â ñòèëå
"êàòõàê".   Íà  íàøå  ñ÷àñòüå,  ê  íàì  â  ãîðîä  ïðèåõàëà  èç  Ìîñêâû
 ïðîôåññèîíàëüíàÿ  òàíöîâùèöà ýòèõ òàíöåâ, êîòîðàÿ íå ïðîòèâ ïîäåëèòüñÿ
 ñâîèì çíàíèåì è ñ íàìè.

Âîîáùå,   àêòèâíûõ   "þâàøàêòèñòîâ"   ó   íàñ   íåìíîãî.  Ìíîãèå  áûëè
 áëàãîñëîâëåíû Ìàòåðüþ è óåõàëè â äðóãèå ãîðîäà è äàæå ñòðàíû. Îñòàëîñü
 ÷åëîâåê 20, ìîæåò áûòü.

Òåïåðü  î  íàøåé êîíöåðòíîé äåÿòåëüíîñòè. Â ïîñëåäíåå âðåìÿ òâîð÷åñòâî
 ïîøëî  ó  íàñ  â  ãîðó  è  ýòî ìîæíî ïðåæäå âñåãî ñâÿçàòü ñ òåì, ÷òî â
 îñíîâíîì  âåñü  àíñàìáëü  â  ýòîì  ãîäó  ó÷èëñÿ èíäèéñêîé êëàññè÷åñêîé
 ìóçûêå â àêàäåìèè ãîðîäà Òîëüÿòòè. Ðåáÿòà ó÷èëèñü íà êóðñàõ âîêàëà, íà
 êóðñàõ  èãðû  íà ãàðìîíèêå, íà ôëåéòå, íà äõîëàêå è íà òàáëå. Íàêîïëåí
 íåìàëûé  áàãàæ çíàíèé, êîòîðûì õî÷åòñÿ ïîäåëèòñÿ ñî âñåìè è êîòîðûì ìû
 î÷åíü îáÿçàíû òîëüÿòòèíöàì.

14-15  îêòÿáðÿ  ìû  åçäèëè  â  Êèðîâñêóþ  îáëàñòü.  Âûñòóïèëè  è  äàëè
 ðåàëèçàöèþ â ãîðîäàõ Âÿòñêèå ïîëÿíû, Êðàñíûå ïîëÿíû è Ñîñíîâêà. È õîòÿ
 íå  âñå  ïðîøëî  ñëàæåííî, íî çàòî ñ î÷åíü õîðîøèìè âèáðàöèÿìè - à ýòî
 ãëàâíîå,  ýòî  ðàäóåò.  28  îêòÿáðÿ â ãîðîäå Ìåíäåëååâñêå â Òàòàðñòàíå
 ïðîøåë  êîíöåðò  "Äåíü  îòêðûòûõ  äâåðåé" äëÿ âñåõ åãî æèòåëåé. Íà íåì
 ó÷àñòâîâàëè  òâîð÷åñêèå  êîëëåêòèâû ìíîãèõ ãîðîäîâ. Êðîìå íàøåãî, áûëè
 åùå  ñ  Èæåâñêà,  Êàçàíè,  Àëüìåòüåâñêà,  Çåëåíîäîëüñêà.  Éîãè       ñ
 Ìåíäåëååâñêà  ïåðåäàþò  èì  îãðîìíóþ ïðèçíàòåëüíîñòü è áëàãîäàðíîñòü â
 ïîìîùè   îðãàíèçàöèè   òâîð÷åñêîãî   âå÷åðà.   Íà  êîíöåðòå  âñå  áûëî
 çàìå÷àòåëüíî.  Áûëè  êàêèå-òî  íåäî÷åòû,  íî ýòî â áóäóùåì óñòðàíèòñÿ.
Ãëàâíîå  - ÷åòêî îùóùàëàñü íàøà êîëëåêòèâíîñòü, íàïðàâëåííàÿ òîëüêî íà
 îäíî  -  äàòü ëþäÿì èõ Ñàìîðåàëèçàöèþ. Âñå ãîñòè, ÷òî áûëè íà êîíöåðòå
 íà ñëåäóþùèé äåíü ïðèåõàëè ê íàì â ×åëíû íà ïóäæó Äèâàëè. Ïóäæà ïðîøëà
 ëåãêî  è  íåçàìåòíî.  Êàê  è íà êîíöåðòå î÷åíü ÿâíî ÷óâñòâîâàëàñü íàøà
 îáùíîñòü, ÷òî ìû åäèíîå öåëîå, îäíà ñåìüÿ, äåòè îäíîé Ìàòåðè!

18  íîÿáðÿ  ìû  ñîáèðàåìñÿ  ïîåõàòü  ñ êîíöåðòîì â ãîðîä Çåëåíîäîëüñê.
Ðåïåðòóàð ó íàñ íà òàêèõ êîíöåðòàõ äîñòàòî÷íî ðàçíîîáðàçíûé: ýòî òàíöû
 è   ïåñíè   ðàçëè÷íûõ   íàðîäîâ   (èíäèéñêèé,  òàòàðñêèé,  âåíãåðñêèé,
ðóìûíñêèé).  Èç  èíäèéñêîãî  òâîð÷åñòâà  ó  íàñ èìååòñÿ 2 êëàññè÷åñêèõ
 òàíöà  â  ñòèëÿõ  "êàòõàê"  è  "êó÷èïóäè",  à òàêæå íàðîäíûé èíäèéñêèé
 òàíåö. Èç áàäæàíîâ èäóò òå, êîòîðûå áîëåå äèíàìè÷íû, ÷òîáû çðèòåëè "íå
 ðàñêèñàëè". Îáÿçàòåëüíû êàââàëè. Êîíå÷íî õîòåëîñü áû çíàêîìèòü ëþäåé è
 ñ   êëàññèêîé,   ò.å.   ñ  ðàãàìè.  Íî  èñïîëíÿåì  ìû  èõ  òîëüêî  äëÿ
 ñàõàäæà-éîãîâ,  ïîòîìó  ÷òî  íå  ïîëó÷àåòñÿ  â  íèõ  "âòÿíóòü"  äðóãóþ
 ïóáëèêó.  Èëè  ìû èñïîëíÿåì èõ íå äîñòàòî÷íî õîðîøî, èëè ïóáëèêà ê íèì
 ïîêà  íå  ãîòîâà.  Íó ìîæåò èñïîëíèì òîëüêî îäèí íîìåð íà êîíöåðòå - è
 äîñòàòî÷íî.  Êñòàòè,  äåëþñü  îïûòîì - êîíöåðò ó íàñ ïðîõîäèò íå áîëåå
 ïîëóòîðà  ÷àñîâ,  êàê  áû  îí âåñåëî íè ïðîõîäèë - ïóáëèêà óñòàåò è îá
 ýòîì íå ñòîèò çàáûâàòü.

Â  íà÷àëå  äåêàáðÿ  ñîáèðàåìñÿ ïðîâåñòè ìàññîâûé êîíöåðò â Öåíòðàëüíîì
 çàëå ìýðèè, íî ýòî â ïåðñïåêòèâå, ïîñìîòðèì.

×òî êàñàåòñÿ ïóäæ, òî Þâà Øàêòè ïðàêòè÷åñêè çàäåéñòâîâàíî âî âñåì, êàê
 â  ïîäãîòîâêå,  òàê  è  â  ïðîâåäåíèè. Íà÷èíàÿ îò ìûòüÿ ïîëîâ è êîí÷àÿ
 óêðàøåíèåì àëòàðÿ. À ýòî äàåò òàêóþ ìîùíóþ ðàäîñòü!!!

Ñ íàçâàíèåì àíñàìáëÿ ìû âñå åùå íå ìîæåì îïðåäåëèòüñÿ -
ó êàæäîãî ñâîÿ âåðñèÿ, à îáùåé íåòó.
Åãî ñîñòàâ:
Âàðàêñèíà Ñâåòà (ãàðìîíèêà, âîêàë)
Êåðåéöåâà Èííà (âîêàë, ãàðìîíèêà, ôëåéòà)
Òàëèïîâà Ñâåòà (âîêàë)
Ìàðäèõàíîâ Ìàðàò (ãèòàðà, âîêàë)
Ìóñòàåâ Âàäèì (ñèíòåçàòîð, âîêàë)
Ìóñòàåâ Ðåíàò (òàáëà)
Åëüêèí Ñåðãåé (äîëîê).

Òàíöåâàëüíûé ñîñòàâ (òîæå NONAME):
Åëüêèíà Ëåíà,
Ìóçèëååâà Òàòüÿíà,
Âàðàêñèíà Ñâåòà, Êåðåéöåâà Èííà, Çîñèìîâà Íàñòÿ, Ëåíî÷êà,
Ìóñòàåâ Âàäèì, Ìóñòàåâ Ðåíàò, Åëüêèí Ñåðãåé, Ìàêàðîâ Ñåðãåé,
Ìåäâåäåâ Àíäðåé, Õàñàíîâ Èëüíàð.

Âîò òàêèå ó íàñ äåëà. Ïèøèòå êàê ó âàñ, î÷åíü õî÷åòñÿ
 ïîó÷èòñÿ ó äðóãèõ, îáìåíÿòñÿ îïûòîì.

--
Best regards,
  S.Y. news centre                          mailto:inform@sahajnews.mtu-net.ru
 

Íîâîñòè.htm
 
Çäåñü  Âû  íàéäåòå  íåáîëüøîå ñîîáùåíèå î ïðîåêòå "Âîëøåáíàÿ ôëåéòà" è
 áîëüøîé  îò÷åò  î  äåÿòåëüíîñòè àìåðèêàíñêèõ Þâà Øàêòè. Îíè áóäóò ðàäû
 ïåðåïèñûâàòüñÿ  ñ  êåì-íèáóäü  èç  Ðîññèè.  Â  îñíîâíîì,  ïðàâäà,  ýòî
 ñîîáùåíèå  ñêîðåå  äëÿ  àìåðèêàíöåâ,  à  íàì  ñêîðåå  èíòåðåñíî òîëüêî
"ïîñìîòðåòü, ÷åì ëþäè æèâóò".

                                                           Ñ óâàæåíèåì,
                                                         Ìàêñèì Áåëÿíèí

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Haiku for the day:

 Your ride is coming
 after a while, timeless
 Joy breaks her wide smile.

 Sitting at the Albany, NY airport in transportation limbo to Canajoharie
 and thought it would be nice to use some free time to update everyone with
 the latest news. Feels so good to know I'm on "sahaj time" for the next
 couple of weeks without any schedules to be anywhere. This is the first
 airport I've been in that has signs to the "Meditation Room." It is an all
 faiths room with benches and miniature waterfalls. Vibrations aren't *too*
 bad for meditation, but of course some Christian visitors felt compelled to
 leave behind a "Are You Going To Heaven" checklist in the guest register
 and the Hindu prayer box. Perhaps a little vibrated water in the waterfall
 would cheer things up a bit. :-)

 Anyway, please enjoy the news and hopefully more frequent updates will
 follow the next couple of weeks from Canajoharie. I just acquired a digital
 camera so maybe some "magic moments" with the Magic Flute rehearsal, and
 ??? can be captured and displayed on a web site for everyone too see.

 Ciao! Ciao!

 Mark

 * Information on Magic Flute Performance
 * North American Yuva Shakti Seminar

 ----------------------------------------------------------------

 From: Stephanie Wein, USA <SECONDTWIN@aol.com >
 Date: Thu, 20 Apr 2000 11:11:31 EDT
 Subject:Info for  "Magic Flute"

 The Magic Flute will be at The Theater at Riverside Church at 120th Street and
 Riverside Drive in Manhattan on Friday, June 23rd at 7 PM, Saturday, June
 24th at 2 PM and 7 PM and Sunday, June 25th at 2 PM and 7 PM Tickets are $15.
 And of course it would be nice to sell tickets to non yogis!

 Love,Stephanie

 ---------------------------------------------------------------

 Note from the Web team: we thought some of you may want to hear about what
 is happening with the Yuva Shakti so we decided to share this posting. The
 North American Yuva Shakti are presently communicating with each via
 "yuvanet" and an on-line newsletter which helps them to stay connected with
 their projects and collective gatherings. Perhaps Yuva Shakti in your local
 area will find this posting useful and inspiring.

 Date: Fri, 21 Apr 2000 23:28:04 -0500
 Subject: East Coast Yuva Shakti Seminar
 From: spartrid@wellesley.edu (Sarah A. Partridge)

 Dear brothers and sisters,

 Jai Shri Mataji!!

 This past weekend (mid-April), we had a Yuva Shakti seminar here on the
 East Coast.
 It was a very joyful as well as productive weekend and we wanted
 to let you all know about what we discussed. (An article about the weekend
 in general will be in the next newsletter!)

 We began our discussion just having people say what has been going on in
 their collectives, specifically with Yuva Shakti:
 >In the Toronto and Waterloo (Montreal) areas -
**At the University of Waterloo, Yuva Shakti have been teaching ten-week
 long Sahaja Yoga courses which students register for.
 **Meetings have been held at the library. At first there was a very large
 turnout and now there are fifteen people that regularly attend the
 meetings.
 **They are trying to expand the meeting areas out into (rural) East
 Toronto and have been having somewhat informal social gatherings (potlucks
 etc.) along with the meetings.
 >In Colombus, Ohio -
**10-week Sahaja Yoga course at the University with intermediate classes.
 >In New York -
**A Yuva Shakti seminar was held for the Yuva Shakti in the tri-state
 area, in which they all got a chance to know eachother better.
 **There is a class (meeting?) being held at Skidmore University.

 Next, we began to think about Canajoharie and Mother's approaching arrival
 in North America:
 >During the weekend of June 17th-18th, the International Puja Seminar
 weekend -
 **any Yuva Shakti that could come early to be of help on the land as well
 as with postering in the city and such would be of great help
 **Last year some Yuva Shakti were there to greet yogis as they arrived on
 the land, and this was enjoyed very much and greatly appreciated. So, this
 year, there should be Yuva Shakti that will be in charge of greeting
 yogis, either by having tea and cookies, by helping with luggage or
 directions, etc.
 **We should set up a 'help table' where there will always be some Yuva
 Shakti. This will be a sort of check-point so that if anything needs to be
 done, Yuva Shakti can help.
 **Washing dishes after meals is a very large task and very difficult to
 get done if only very few people are willing to help with it all weekend.
 This would be a good job for Yuva Shakti to offer to do.
 **All Yuva Shakti should help in any way possible with setting up for
 puja as this takes many hands.
 **Last year Yuva Shakti were put in charge of (puja) gift security, so we
 will offer to do this task again.
 **As many of you know, last summer the Yuva Shakti were asked last minute
 to prepare something for when Shri Mataji left the hanger after the
 entertainment program and the Puja. We should be prepared this time with
 'special effects'!
 Some ideas were: fireworks and/or sparklers
 flags of the states, provinces and countrys that make up the North &
 South American continents
 candles
 **This year there are to be marriages (as of now, they are set to be on
 July 3). There may be work for Yuva Shakti to help with this.
 ** IMPORTANT!!! **
 Friday morning, June 16th, all Yuva Shakti that are on the land will meet
 together to discuss general plans for the weekend. At this time we will
 organize groups and deligate responsabilities especially for the Help
 Desk, Receptionists, and Dishes.
 We also thought that it would be really good if at this time we decided on
 other times we could get together over the weekend to better coordinate
 things.
 >Entertainment for the seminar:
 **It is difficult for all of us to prepare something with all of the Yuva
 Shakti as we are so spread out. However, it would be nice if a song could
 be sung for Shri Mataji by the Yuva Shakti. There are thoughts about
 learning a Qawali. (I will get back to everyone on this idea.)
 >Ideas for a gift for Shri Mataji from Yuva Shakti:
 **a card with a picture of all of us (for this we would have to take a
 picture when we all meet early in the weekend maybe)
 **clay animals
 **clay with nature imprints (leaves, flowers, etc.)
 **(handmade) candles
 **carved wax (perhaps in the shape of Ganesha)
 **a shawl
 **a vase made and painted by Yuva Shakti

 We went on to talk about ideas for Yuva Shakti, projects, etc.:
 >There has been a request for Yuva Shakti penpals; and we have also been
 asked by Yuva Shakti in various countries around the world if we could
 keep in touch with them. So, perhaps we could arrange for those that
 would like, to have national/international Sahaj penpals.

 So anyone who would like to have a penpal, please email me, or write to
 me, with your name, birthdate, address (I may have these already, but just
 to make things easier) and any comments or anything and we will try to
 arrange for this!

 >We briefly discussed the Yuva Shakti webpage and decided that what is
 there will be taken down until we can decide what the purpose of the
 webpage will be - whether it is for communication between Yuva Shakti, or
 to tell other youth the benefits of Sahaja Yoga. Until we discuss this
 further with each other as well as with the Sahaj webpage committee in
 terms of what is appropriate and security and such, the web page is going
 to be discontinued.

 >We have successfully put together three issues of the North American Yuva
 Shakti newsletter, however, in order to be more organized and hopefully
 more timely, a better system has been suggested.

 *There will be a 'content manager' for each state/provence. They will be
 responsible for suggesting ideas for articles (as of course is everyone),
 for getting people involved more, and for collecting submissions and
 sending them on the editor.

 As of right now we have these content managers -
 Florida - Anjan
 Ohio - Kevin
 Georgia - Arjun
 Boston - Sarah
 Toronto - Marvin
 Philadelphia - Nanak
 New York - Shrinivas
 Pittsburg - Joshua
 Vancouver/Washington - Nirashreya
 Texas -
 California - Shreekal

 It is hoped that each of these centers (except for maybe those with only
 a couple Yuva) can collect at least one submission for each newsletter.
 *A group of (3?) editors that can discuss themes, articles etc.
 *Gautama is in charge of the general appearance and graphics. (If there
 is anyone that would like to help with that, and has the appropiate
 programs, this could be worked on together)
 *Sarah will overlook the final product to make sure of the deadlines and
 send the finished newsletters out.
 [And please, anyone who would like to contribute, either send it to your
 contact manager, or if there isn't one in the area, to me! No need to wait
 until a request email is sent out :-) ]

 >Sujata has begun a project to write articles to be published in teen
 magazines and such. If anyone would like to be involved or wants to know
 more - sugee07@hotmail.com

 After all this discussion, we sat in silence for a moment and then gave
 suggestions for a 'Yuva Shakti Pledge', inspirations of our duties as Yuva
 Shakti as well as our goals. Perhaps if others would like to add, we can
 present these to Shri Mataji.
 Here is what we came up with:
 *to help people
 *to be active in a spiritual way
 *to build (self)confidence to be able to spread Sahaja Yoga
 *to set good examples and be positive role models for our younger brothers
 and sisters and also for the youth around us
 *to reach out to the youth of North America and help them
 *to stay collective with other Yuva Shakti
 *to be collective on an international level
 *to be dependable/reliable
 *to take a more active part in spreading Sahaja Yoga
 *to achieve more depth in meditation
 *to develop a great knowledge about saints and deities (self-enrichment)
 *to have absolute faith in Sahaja Yoga and Shri Mataji
 *to achieve complete bliss

 Following this, we proceeded to have a good time and enjoy each other's
 company!

 Even though not everyone could make it over to Canajoharie for the
 seminar, we hoped that we could spread the joy and inspire everyone else
 with all of these thoughts and ideas.

 Looking forward to seeing you all in June!

 Much love,
 your sister,
 Sarah Radha

                                                        
 --
 Best regards,
  S.Y. news centre                          mailto:inform@sahajnew.mtu-net.ru
 

Ïàñõàëüíàÿ ïóäæà â Ñòàìáóëå.htm
 

This is a forwarded message
 From: Mark Mays <sahajnet@halcyon.com>
 To: vidyavati@pop.halcyon.com <vidyavati@pop.halcyon.com>
 Date: Thursday, March 30, 2000, 8:43:30 PM
 Subject: Easter Puja Invitation
 ===8<==============Original message text===============


 Jay Shri Mataji!

 Dear brothers and sisters,

 With great joy in our hearts we inform you that our Divine Mother has blessed
 us with Easter puja in Istanbul. Our joy will strongly increase with your
 presence.
 Kindly let us know your arrival date and time so that we can arrange your
 stay in Istanbul.

 The address of the area where Puja will be held is: (same place as last year)
 HOTEL DEMYRKOY - ATAKOY - 2. KISIM - SAHYL YOLU - (NEXT TO THE GALLERIA
 SHOPPING CENTER) - BAKIRKOY / YSTANBUL

 The puja camp will be rented for 4 days 21-24, April. Only staying, no meals,
 is included on Monday, April 24. This place is only three kilometers from
 airport.

 For further information you can contact:
 Nese Algan
 FAX 00 90 212 246 67 18
 e-mail : nalgan@domi.com.tr

 Arrangements have been made for transfer from the airport to the
 Puja Camp with buses. One way transfer for each person is two US$.
 Please advise the exact arrival and departure dates to :
 Mrs. Seniz Karacan
 Mobil tel : 00 90 542 235 11 17
 Fax/Home phone : 00 90 212 296 26 96
 e-mail: senizkara@usa.net

 If any one wishes to stay in a Hotel which is next to Puja Camp,
 at cost of US$ 45, per day for a double room.
 For the reservation contact : Mrs Sema Buldanlyoglu
 Mobile tel : 00 90 535 219 71 47
 Home tel : 00 90 212 265 57 75
 Fax : 00 90 212 233 12 95
 e-mail : zeynep@dit.com.tr

 For those who wish to stay in Shri Mataji's hotels the rates are:
 Crown Plaza (April 21-23):
 138 US$ including VAT and breakfast.
 Swiss Hotel (after April 23), the rates include VAT but no breakfast:
 Garden view: single room 235 US$
 double room 265 US$
 Bosphorus view: single room 265 US$
 double room 280 US$
 For reservations contact Mrs. Sevgi Dorosinskii,
 Mobile tel.: 0090 532 234 49 41
 Fax: 0090 212 441 35 15
 e-mail: sevgidorossinski@hotmail.com

 It is our desire to conduct a Sahaja Yoga public program on 26th of April.
 For attention of those who want to stay for the public program: the puja
 camp will be rented only till April 24.

 It is kindly requested that you inform us the earliest possible, how many
 people from each country will attend so that proper arrangements may be
 made. Please send your reply to:
 Nese Algan
 FAX :00 90 212 246 67 18
 e-mail : nalgan@domi.com.tr

 We desire to have maximum attendance from each country in order to enjoy
 each other fully.

 Jai Shri Mataji

 Greek, Turkish, Rumanian, Bulgarian, Israeli, Algerian, Moroccan, Iranian ,
 Dubai, and Tunisian Collectivities.


 ===8<===========End of original message text===========



 --
 Best regards,
  S.Y. news centre                       mailto:inform@sahajnews.mtu-net.ru
 


Ïðèãëàøåíèå íà ïóäæó Ñàõàñðàðû.htm
 
Çäðàâñòâóéòå, äîðîãèå áðàòüÿ è ñåñòðà!

Êàê  Âû,  íàâåðíîå,  ñëûøàëè,  5  ìàÿ  ýòîãî  ãîäà áóäåò ïàðàä ïëàíåò,
êîòîðûé  áûâàåò  ðàç  â  600  ëåò  èëè îêîëî òîãî. Òàê ÷òî Øðè Ìàòàäæè
 ñêàçàëà,  ÷òî åñëè óæ çâåçäû âûñòðîèëèñü,òî è Ñàõàäæà éîãè òîæå ñìîãóò
 ýòî ñäåëàòü. Òàê ÷òî ïóäæà áóäåò 5 ìàÿ, â Êàáåëëå.

This is a forwarded message
 From: Mark Mays <sahajnet@halcyon.com>
 To: vidyavati@pop.halcyon.com <vidyavati@pop.halcyon.com>
 Date: Thursday, April 20, 2000, 6:35:57 AM
 Subject: Sahasrara Puja

 ===8<==============Original message text===============
 Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Here is the announcement for Sahasrara Puja weekend. Also, On the 12th of April
 2000, the day of Ram Navmi, Shri Mataji has appointed Mr. V. J. Nalgirkar as
 World Leader. Finally, the previous message I sent about the email address for
 "SY Research" group had a ".com" on the end instead of ".ch"  The address
 should have been: sy.research@swissonline.ch

 Much love and all the best,

 Mark



 Sahasrara Pooja on friday 5th of May in Cabella

 "If the planets are able to align the Yogis should be able to align too"
 Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi , 23.März 2000 in Delhi while talking about the fact
 that the 5th of May is not a weekend

 We, the hosting countries feel very happy to invite all of You for Sahsrara
 Pooja. The date has been reconfirmed by Shri Mataji very recently. The
 tentative programms will be on 6th and 7th of May. We request all of You to
 arrive latest on 4th of May to be prepared for the Pooja on 5th. Please
 consider this as a quick note to inform You. You will receive a proper
 invitation with further details within few days.
 On behalf of the hosting countries Germany, Slovakia, Czech
 Republic, Hungary and Austria,


 ===8<===========End of original message text===========



 --
 Best regards,
  S.Y. news centre                       mailto:inform@sahajnews.mtu-net.ru
 

Ïðèãëàøåíèå íà ïóäæó Øðè Àäè Øàêòè.htm
 
Äæåé Øðè Ìàòàäæè!
Ìû  ñîáèðàåìñÿ  îòêðûòü  ñòðàíè÷êó  Ñàõàäæà Éîãè â Èíòåðíåòå. Ìû áóäåì
 ðàäû  ëþáûì ìàòåðèàëàì è ïîæåëàíèÿì, êîòîðûå Âû íàì ïðèøëåòå. Â ïåðâóþ
 î÷åðåäü  ìû  áû  ïîïðîñèëè  Âàñ  ïðèñëàòü èíôîðìàöèþ î òîì, êóäà ïîéòè
 èñêàòåëÿì  â  âàøåì  ãîðîäå, ãäå ïðîõîäÿò ïðîãðàììû äëÿ íîâè÷êîâ è, ïî
 âîçìîæíîñòè,  êîíòàêòíûé  òåëåôîí.  Îäíàêî  ïðè ýòîè íå çàáûâàéòå, ÷òî
 èíôîðìàöèÿ â Èíòåðíåòå áóäåò äîñòóïíà àáñîëþòíî âñåì.

Ñëåäóþùåå  ïèñüìî - ïðèãëàøåíèå îò àìåðèêàíöåâ íà ïóäæó Øðè Àäè Øàêòè,
êîòîðàÿ  ñîñòîèòñÿ 2 èþëÿ â Êàíàäæîðè, îêîëî Íüþ-Éîðêà. Èíòåðåñíî, ÷òî
 â  ïðîøëîì  ãîäó,  êîãäà  â  Àìåðèêå ïðîâîäèëàñü ïóäæà Øðè Êðèøíû, Øðè
 Ìàòàäæè  îáúÿñíÿëà,  ÷òî  ýòà  ïóäæà ïðèíåñëà ïðîöâåòàíèå â íàø ìèð. À
 ïðåäñòîÿùàÿ ïóäæà ðàñïðîñòðàíèò ïî âñåìó ìèðó äóõîâíîñòü.


 ==========================================================================
Jai Shri Mataji!

 International Adi Shakti Puja and First Sahaja Marriages on Shri Mataji-s
 Land in Canajoharie, New York
 June 30 - July 3, 2000

 The collectives of North and South America are blessed to invite the World
 Collective to the most joyous occasion of Shri Adi Shakti Puja in upstate
 New York. For the first time in America, there will be international Sahaja
 marriages during the international puja seminar on this beautiful land (114
 acres which was bought by Shri Mataji in 1993 for the growth of Sahaja Yoga
 in America). Shri Mataji has graciously named the land Nirmal Nagari, and
 the new road to the land is called Sahaj Marg, the path of Sahaja. Let us
 all be gopis and gopas celebrating this auspicious event in the countryside
 in the Land of Shri Krishna, dancing in the presence of our Divine Mother.
 Last year, Shri Mataji explained that Shri Krishna Puja in America has
 brought prosperity to the world. Now Adi Shakti Puja in the Americas will
 spread spirituality throughout the world.

 During the puja weekend, the host countries will offer entertainment
 programs. Shri Adi Shakti Puja will be on Sunday, July 2nd and the
 marriages will be held on Monday, the 3rd of July. After the marriages, a
 grand fireworks display will mark the conclusion of the festivities and
 celebration of U.S. Independence Day.

 Yogis who are interested in getting married in Canajoharie should speak to
 their country leaders. Country leaders are requested to sign and send the
 appropriate forms by June 11th to Manoj Kumar at 75 South Franklin Avenue,
 Bergenfield, NJ 07621 USA or fax to (201) 384-0820. For copies of marriage
 forms, e-mail: NancyKumar@dellnet.com.

 A great deal of help is needed to prepare the seminar site and for
 construction projects to improve the facilities on the land. Help will also
 be needed from June 11 - 25 to assist the 80-member cast, choir and
 orchestra of The Magic Flute as they rehearse in Canajoharie to prepare for
 five performances in New York City (June 23 - 25). Anyone who is able to
 come early to help is most welcome (men and ladies).

 The New York public program will be on Friday evening, June 16th at The
 Town Hall in New York City. Those who arrive early may go directly to the
 land to lend a hand or stay in New York City to help with postering for the
 public program on the 16th. Information about hotel accommodations in New
 York City can be provided.
 Transportation can be arranged from the airports to Canajoharie. Arrivals
 in Albany airport are preferred, but pick-ups will also be provided from
 JFK, LaGuardia and Newark airports. Please inform us of your arrival and
 departure details as soon as possible, preferably by June 14th. It would be
 best to arrive by mid-day on Friday, the 30th.

 PLEASE SEND THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION:
 Who is coming (name, M/F, age)?
 When are they arriving and departing (dates)?
 How are they arriving (plane, car, bus, etc.)?
 Do they need transportation to be provided to Canajoharie?
 If so, provide arrival and departure dates, times, airline, flight numbers
 and airport.

 Please inform Sarvesh Singh of your travel plans so that we can arrange for
 transportation. Send e-mails to nidhisinghb@yahoo.com or fax to
 1-347-521-1904. His phone number in Richmond, Virginia is (804) 273-9185.

 Yogis are encouraged to rent cars and bring tents. The land is in a remote
 farming area, about a 15-minute drive to any store, town or hotel.
 Directions from all points to the land will be sent shortly.

 It is Shri Mataji-s Desire that as many yogis as possible sleep on the
 land. However, we will be providing phone numbers of hotels in the area for
 elderly yogis, yogis with health problems, and yogis with extremely young
 infants. There are a limited number of hotel rooms in the area this time of
 year.

 Please bring sleeping bags, a sheet, a plate, a glass and a spoon. Bring
 enough clothes for the entire stay, as there may not be sufficient water to
 do hand-washing on the land. Mothers with very young children should bring
 enough food for the stay as there are no shops within walking distance of
 the land.

 Much love from your brothers and sisters in the land of the Vishuddhi!
  

 --
 Best regards,
  S.Y. news centre                          mailto:inform@sahajnew.mtu-net.ru
 

Ïóäæà Äíÿ Ðîæäåíèÿ íîâîñòè.htm
 
Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 Many thanks to Alex Henshaw for providing us with his impressions of
 Birthday Puja. Please enjoy!

 Much love and all the best,

 Mark

 --------------------------------------------

 Date: Fri, 24 Mar 2000 01:31:22 -0800 (PST)
 From: Alex Henshaw <alex_henshaw@yahoo.com>
 Subject: Birthday Puja News

 Dear brothers and sisters,

 The Puja was tremendous. There must have been ten thousand yogis there
 with a pendal double the size of the scout camp venue. Shri Mataji had
 bought the land, 5 acres and donated it to the Delhi collective. It is
 about  15-20  minutes  from  the  airport  and  is  very close to Shri
 Mataji's  new house in Palam Vihar which is nearly completed. The land
 is  close  to  the  river  and  surrounded by wheat fields. It is very
 peaceful as it is away from the main roads.

 The  Delhi  yogis  arranged things beautifully. There were pendals for
 ladies  and  gents  and  for  eating  and  very good toilet and shower
 blocks.  They had generators for power and it ws all very well lit. On
 the  night  of the puja the heavens opend up and there was a fantastic
 thunder  storm.  Luckily  there  was a waterproof canvas roof over the
 main  pendal  and  sleeping  areas but the dining area was soaked. The
 main  pendal  where  the  Puja was held was decorated with baloons and
 flowers  and  the  satge had a large 77 in the midle and multinational
 angels  on  both  sides.  Flower  arrangments adorned every pillar and
 there  was  a  large  grass  area  ramping up to the stage which had a
 number  of  large  fower arrangemnts incorported into the ramp. It was
 very  beautifully  arranged  and  was  very  appropriate in this rural
 setting.  They  had  also  arranged  two large projector screens and a
 number of TV sets at intervals so everyone could have a closer view of
 the  puja  as it was difficult to see Shri Mataji from the back of the
 pendal.

 Shri  Mataji  was  very  pleased with all the work the Delhi yogis had
 done  and  gave  them  praise  for their efforts in the Puja talk. She
 spoke  about  the power of love and that we need to use this to spread
 the  message  of  SY. Care for others and genuine compassion will help
 bring about a transformation of the world. We all need to work hard to
 spread  this  message  of  love.  You could feel the power of the love
 flowing  from Shri Mataji penetrating every pore of the body. The talk
 ended  and children were called to pour kumkum on her feet. There were
 so  many  children  all  eager to do Puja to Shri Mataji. They swarmed
 from  every direction and poored onto the stage. So sweet and innocent
 and Shri Mataji was enjoying them very much.

 Arun  and  others sang some beautiful bhajans and then the Noida group
 came  on  with  Maha  Mahakali  which lifted the vibrations to an even
 greater  intensity.  Sanjay sang Vishvavandita in such a beautiful way
 that  it  carried  us  into the realms of bliss. This set the mood for
 Arti  and  we  all  assembled  in  front of the Adi Shakti. The Godess
 looked  resplendent  with all the ornaments and a golden crown and She
 poored out all her love to the children. We all fell at Her feet for a
 blissful  moment  and then the photography stampeed came. I was almost
 trampled  by the throng of flashers! Some how I managed to ease myself
 out  of  the  scrum  and  moved  to  the  side where I thought I could
 meditate  only  to  find  another  rush  for  the gift giving parties.
 Despite all the excitement there was a persistant tranquility that you
 could  slip  into  if you focused on Shri Mataji. It seems we are more
 concerned  on  these physical concerns than focusing on the meditation
 which  is  the  most  important  reason why we attend the Puja. I wish
 something could be done to prevent this distracting side show but Shri
 Mataji is very patient and forgiving to Her children.

 Shri  Mataji went off stage for 40 minutes with Sir CP to have dinner.
 Sir  CP  was  presented  with a model sailing boat for his birthday, a
 scooner which was made in Vietnam and presented on behalf of the UK by
 David  Spiro.  Kim-My  had  purchased it in Ho Chi Min city and the HK
 yogis took it over. It was very well crafted and Sir CP was delighted.
 Sir  CP's birthday is also on the same day as Shri Mataji's and he was
 celebrating  his  80th.  The  yogis had made two very large cakes with
 happy  birthday  Shri  Mataji  and  on  the other cake "happy birthday
 Papaji"  which  were  presented.  We  all sang happy birthday and Shri
 Mataji  blew  out  the candle to great applause from all the yogis. We
 then  sang  happy  birthday  to Sri CP and he invited Kalpurna didi to
 share the cake.

 After  this Shri Mataji accepted the gifts from all the countries. She
 took  time to speak to all the representatives and there were a couple
 of  new  countries  including Trinidad and Tobaigo and Pakisthan which
 were  represented at the Birthday Puja for the first time. Some how we
 were  slower  off the mark than most countries so we were relegated to
 the  back  of the line. The actual Puja finished at around 11:30pm but
 the  gift  giving  went  on  until 3am. Hong Kong & China went up with
 Taiwan  and  we  presented  the  porcelain paintings which Shri Mataja
 really  appreciated.  Taiwan  presented 2 beautiful brush paintings of
 water  buffalow.  Shri Mataji asked how things were going in Hong Kong
 and seemed pleased with the progress. henry Ho from Taiwan presented a
 photo  album  with  photos  of  all the yogis and Shri mataji was very
 pleased  with  the  progress.  After we presented our gifts the Indian
 states  came  up and finially the Indian Yuva Shakti presnted a number
 of gifts. It was a marathon and by that stage Sir CP had already left.
 It was 3:30am when Shri Mataji finally departed to a harty round of Ki
 Jai's  and She gave one final blesing to all the children. She smilled
 and  was  obviously  pleased with the first milenium Birthday Puja. We
 slowly  floated  out  of  the  pendal to have dinner, not that we were
 hungry.  The atmosphere was still, pure and very fresh after the rain.
 It was such a cleansing, both on the subtle and the gross.

 The  dining  pendal  which  had  been set up in a field was completely
 soaked after the down poor and the capets were sitting on a sea mud. A
 quick bite of tandorie chicken and chips and it was off to bed. It was
 5am  before we got to bed. The nights were cool but as soon as the sun
 came  up  you  could  feel  the heat biting. The next day was glorious
 sunshine.  Some  of  the  sleeping  pendals  had  been flooded and the
 pathways had turned into mud holes. Some small child had wandered into
 one such muddy pool and was delighted to cover themself with the light
 brown  slurry.  Mother  earth is so soothing and I was tempted to join
 in!

 The next evening was the concert night and Shri Mataji arrived earlier
 than  expected with Sir CP. She looked beautiful in an ornate Sari, so
 dignified  in  front  of  the great assembly of Her children. Bahajans
 were  sung  by  various groups and and they filled the heart with joy.
 The  Australians were invited to perform. Sadly at that point I had to
 depart  for  the  airport.  It is very hard for the child to leave his
 Mother  but  She  is  always  there  when  we enter into the realms of
 Sahasrara.  I  wish  I  could have stayed there forever. It was such a
 wonderful puja and will keep me fully charged for months to come.

 Lots of love,

 Alex
 ---------------------------------------------------------------
 Jai Shri Mataji!

 Dear Brothers & Sisters,

 More news for your enjoyment!
 * Water treatment update
 * Tell the world update
 * India Times article on SY & Shri Mataji
 * Meeting with Mr. C
 * SY in prisons
 * A poem and story from Norway
 * Belgium Seminar and Counting Crows Concert

 Much love and all the best!

 Mark

 ---------------------------------------------

 Water Treatment Update

 Regarding the water treatment about which we recently broadcast a message: we
 would like to request that no
 one should depend *entirely* on the curing power of this treatment, as its
 curing potential has not been
 documented to us. It may in fact have beneficial effects (which some of us that
 started the treatment have
 already realized), however, people with serious illnesses are always encouraged
 to use established Sahaj techniques
 as well as traditional medicine as required.

 ----------------------------------------------

 Tell the World Update

 Just a reminder for those of you that wish to participate in the "Tell the
 World" whereby you write a brief article
 on the benefits you have received from practicing Sahaja Yoga, and post it to
 the internet newsgroups. Please
 contact your center or country leader for more details and guidelines.

 Step 1 - Show your message to your leader for review.
 Step 2 - Post to newsgroup (contact your leader for procedure).
 Step 3 - Leader selects 30 or so to submit to Mark and Calin for distribution
 on SY websites.

 ---------------------------------------------

 India Times Article

 Date: Mon, 27 Mar 2000 04:42:02 -0800 (PST)
 From: Onkar Kumbhojkar <omkya@yahoo.com>

 Jai Shri Mataji!!!
 Here is the article on Mother from Times Of India!
 Link will be good only until 3:00 pm Monday afternoon.
 Onkar
http://www.timesofindia.com/today/27mdel8.htm

 ---------------------------------------------

 Date: Fri, 24 Mar 2000 12:57:42 +0400
 From: SURESH <sureshaa@emirates.net.ae>
 Subject: A meeting with Sr.Shankaracharya (desendants of Adi shankaracarya),

 Dear Sahaja Yogis,
 Jai Shri Mataji,

 This is Sahajayogi from Dubai ( Suresh.A ) reporting.
 I was in Bombay & Pune for attending the Shiv puja this month.

 Couple of days after landing in Bombay, I was reading the Times of India
 Newspaper, suddenly my attention fell on a report about the Spiritual tour
 undertaken by the
 Sr.Shankaracharya (Shri Jayendra Saraswati ) of Kanchi Kamakoti peetam of
 Kanchipuram who is the decendant & disciple of the Adi Shankaracharya ( who had
 already prophecised about Kundalini awakening & the Divine cool breeze in his
 scripture named as Soundarya Lahiri long back ) . He was covering most of the
 region here and had lots & lots of followers to have his darshan. I developed a
 desire to go and meet him to tell him about Sahaja yoga and my main intention
 was to have his permission to address the big crowd that always come to see
 him, about the Kundalini awakening and sahaja yoga and invite them for Shri
 Mataji's public programme. As usual there were lot of hurdles in meeting him as
 he was with lot of police protection & many members of the inviting committee.
 However I used the weapon given to us by her holiness ( the weapon of Bandhan )
 . After that he personally invited me to his room.

 Now I was well prepared with our Sahaj Nadis & chakras drawings & chart & a
 tape recorder to record our conversation. As soon as I opened the chart,
 instead of me explaining sahaja yoga, the senior shankaracharya himself started
 explaining sahaja yoga and the kundalini awakening to his disciple present
 there in his room.
 He also said it was very difficult to have this awakened but now you people
 have made it so easy. At this time I showed the Holy photograph of Shri Mataji.
 The Sr. Shankaracharya of Kanchi Kamoti Peetam ( shri Jayendera Saraswati )
 immediately recognised Her Holiness Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi and said that she
 is very pure and he knew her very well from his childhood and aslo that she
 hails from Nagpur and She is the Raja Lakshmi and he knew that.

 He further explained on Sahajayoga that, the Sun has both light and heat and
 the moon has its light and coolness and when the kundalini crosses the
 sahasrara and we meditate at that point we get the power of 1000 Sun's light
 without its heat and the power of 1000 moon's coolness without its light and
 with these powers when we meditate it will lead us to moksha ( liberation &
 union with God ). He also let me speak to the crowd who had gathered out there
 to have his darshan about Sahajayoga and I co-ordially invited them for Shri
 Mataji's public programme to held on 12th March 2000.

 Then I met Shri Mataji at the Prathistan in Pune and informed her about this.
 After the Shiv puja Shri Mataji permitted me to address all the sahajayogis
 about this meeting.

 Thanks & Regards
 Jai Shri Mataji
 Suresh.A
 Sahajayogi from Dubai

 ---------------------------------------------

 NOTE FROM MARK: In addition to the article below on SY in a New York prison,
 there is also a mention of SY programs in the Tihar prison in India on their
 web page.
 Don't miss the word "Sahaja Yoga" under meditation on this page:
http://tiharprisons.nic.in/vstiharprisons/html/reform.htm

 Date: Thu, 23 Mar 2000 22:59:29 -0500
 Subject: An Amazing Prison Program In New York!
 From: Herbert Reininger <hreininger@home.com>

 Dear all,

 Here is a report from a SY program which happened yesterday evening on
 Raikers Island in New York:

 Raikers Island houses an enormous New York prison. Through connections made
 by Andrea and Anna Manzini, Sahaja Yoga got the opportunity to go into this
 prison and hold a program for the inmates with drug-related convictions!
 So yesterday seven (!) yogis (Anna, Andrea, Chris Cycoles, Francoise, Ben,
 Jerry and myself) approached the prison in a public bus, loaded with all
 kinds of program material we felt important for this event. To give you an
 idea of our intent, Francoise came with two suitcases filled with pictures
 of Shri Mataji, incense, candles, candle holders, Meta Modern Era books,
 saris for decoration and more. All this in addition to our individual kits
 we had prepared!

 But at the first of several security checks the reality of being in a prison
 was brought to our attention, and everything which could remotely be used as
 a weapon was taken and locked away for the evening. All pictures with glass
 or frame, candles (!) and candle holders, incense, matches, even sticky
 tape!

 So we eventually went through security only with the photocopied material we
 had brought (which luckily had a picture of Shri Mataji as well!) and an
 intense desire to be able to act as instruments of Shri Mataji's Compassion,
 who clearly had arranged all this for us!

 We met with a group of drug counselors, on whose initiative the whole
 program was organized. These people try to help break the vicious cycle in
 which most of the inmates are caught.

 When the massive steel gate slammed shut behind us, we felt that eerie
 feeling that inmates must feel when they enter the prison: there is nowhere
 to escape from here!

 Then each yogi went with one of the counselors into a dormitory which holds
 between 30 and 50 inmates. They were already waiting for us and many did not
 show much of enthusiasm as they are required to attend by the rules of the
 rehabilitation program. After a short introduction I looked into about 50
 faces. To be more precise, they looked more like 50 rocks, of different age,
 different color and different levels of erosion! I prayed to Shri Mataji:
 "Mother, I really have no idea what to say to them. Please take over and
 make me your instrument!"

 I started talking about my own first experience in Sahaja Yoga and how it
 had transformed my life in a matter of moments. I told them how seekers take
 drugs, because they are seeking, and how they give up drugs over night when
 they enter Sahaja Yoga. I told them about Shri Mataji, how She tirelessly
 travels around the globe to give Self-Realization to the seekers of truth.
 And of course I briefly explained the subtle system and its importance to
 our entire life.

 All this time I felt very cool vibrations, I felt like being enveloped in a
 cool cocoon. I was prepared to face all kinds of attacks on my chakras, but
 I 'just' kept feeling cool vibrations throughout the entire evening, while
 we were all sweating, because the room was quite overheated (literally and
 vibrationally)!

 When I asked them to take out their shoes at the beginning of the
 meditation, many of them hesitated. The drug counselor jumped in and
 suggested to them not to be shy because of the holes in their socks, so the
 took off their socks as well and we go settled into the explanation of the
 meditation.

 By then I had the attention of most of the inmates, but there was a constant
 coming and going because of conflicting schedules with taking medication for
 the inmates, rapports and other things. But when the actual meditation
 began, everyone (including the police officer and drug counselor present!)
 took part, even those inmates who had stayed on their beds in the back of
 the dormitory sat up and joined the meditation!

 The closer we came to the Sahastrara in our meditation, the stronger I felt
 the cool breeze all around us! When we reached the Sahastrara it was really
 an incredible experience! For a moment I became aware where I was and that
 most of the people in front of me were convicted inmates.

 But then I opened my eyes and looked around and I could not believe my eyes
 - I looked into the faces of children! Their eyes were radiant, their faces
 smiling and their expressions very relaxed! What an amazing transformation,
 from hard rocks to shining children in a matter of minutes! My heart was
 going out to them, feeling tremendous compassion and love. How beautiful
 they are, and how the negativity hits them so hard that they loose all their
 beauty and get lost in this vicious cycle between drugs and prison! But
 equally amazing is to witness how Shri Mataji removes all traces of hardness
 from their faces and brings back their innocence!

 About two thirds of the people could actually feel cool or warm over their
 heads or hands. And everyone could feel very relaxed. Not many questions
 were asked, but they promised that they would give Sahaja Yoga a try. Under
 one condition though - that I would come back next week to teach them more!
 The time was up and I had to leave, many of the inmates came up to me and
 thanked me for this wonderful experience. One said: "Why did I not find this
 earlier?" We shook hands, some hugged me and I had to promise again and
 again to come back and bring more yogis, so we could give realization to
 more people! They said, they have 12 dormitories in all in this part of the
 prison and they want everyone to get that chance!

 When we yogis met on the way out we all had similar stories of
 transformation, joy, excitement and eagerness to learn more. One of the drug
 counselors suggested to give realization to all their colleagues, she said
 "Make us into Sahaja Yogis, so we can give this wonderful present to many
 more inmates here!"

 What an inspiring, amazing and uplifting experience!

 When I reached home late that night I settled for a footsoak. I had candles
 prepared to work on any negativity I might feel in my subtle system. I was
 really amazed when all I felt was VERY cool vibrations!!!

 May Shri Mataji protect these 300 (!) new yogis and give us opportunity to
 help them grow and to reach many more of the inmates in this prison!

 With much love from your very grateful brother,

 Herbert

 ---------------------------------------------

  From: "Sahaja Yoga Norway" <sahaja@online.no>
   Subject: RE: Email List, Norway
  Date: Mon, 28 Feb 2000 22:08:59 +0100

  Dear Sahaja Yogis,

  We would like to share the experiences of one of our  yogis here in 
 Norway, Bergen. He did not come to our programs but  got the inspiration home
  from his wife who attended our meetings in Bergen.
  Here is his story:

  His loving and caring wife came to him 
  and planted a golden seed
  At once he knew that he was a wild flower
  Only by listening to the wind, peace and silence
  he grew to become a beautiful flower
  He knew that mother earth is enough to nourish a seed
  As the flower comes out in the sun his seeds will
  spread out
  His patient eyes fill with tears, watching other
  seeds growing in the wind
  filling the earth with more beautiful flowers.


  Stig Hatlestad,
  Bergen, Norway 1999


  Hi!

  A good story from Bergen.
  Two days ago I had my first Puja in Bergen together
  with my wife and Rita.

  It  was very strong and nice experience. Rita told me
  that if I sleep the night  on  the floor infront of the pictures
 afterwards, all my  problems will be  solved. I  was very curious so I tried.

  In my job I do research and development on  electromagnetic signalsources for
  digital radio links. The last three years our  company (and me) have had a
  big  problem with signal sources when temperature varies,  so we just got 30
 mill
  NKr  to do a resarch program on this for the next three  years. 5 weeks ago I
 held
  a  presentation on a subjekt I got from a conference in  Munic last autum.

  Yesterday  my colleaque implemented part of my presentation and
  the whole problem was  solved.

  Today I was preparing a presentation on a seminar a  week from now. The
  subject  is one of the main challenges in our technology, and
  my job was not to solve  this (of course) but to specify the issue to put our
  attention. After two  hours  I found a very good question: " for a particular
  problem we need to develop a  method to verify that we meet the new
 requirement
  specification." Two  minutes  later my colleaque (the same colleaque as
 yesteday)
  came to me and was so  full  of joy. He had found a method to verify that we
 meet
  the new requirement  specification. The hole problem was solved.

  Words can not express the joy.
  I am infinitely grateful

  Stig Hatletvedt
  December 1999

 -------------------------------------------------------

 Date: Fri, 17 Mar 2000 21:59:39 +0100
 From: Laurent van Trigt <laurenke@yucom.be>
 Subject: Belgian seminar and The Counting Crows

 Dear Brothers and Sisters,

 Last week-end was Shivaratri Seminar on the seaside of Belgium,
 in the Panne, it is very near to France.

 It all began on Friday, the 3d of March, in the evening. Everybody came in
 the hotel. First we checked in. Some people organized everything for the room
 number where we were going to sleep. Then the personnel of the hotel prepared
 soup and bread for us. Later there was a badjhan evening and all
 the badjhans were songs of Babamama.  Some songs were going deep
 in my left heart. After the badjhans there was a meditation. Then we went
 sleeping. Saturday the 4th of March we started the day with a meditation.

 There was breakfast for us. Later we saw a tape where Shri Mataji talked about
 the sea. How important the sea is for us. Yes, of course we went to the sea. It
 was
 very nice. We called the sea our grandfather. The sea was very heavy and there
 was also wind. We did namaskar. We said the mantra of Shri Varuna, Shri Bhoomi
 Devi, and Shri Adi Guru Dattatreya. I took a footsoak and it was very very
 cold,
 but it was also nice. While walking back, there was dinner for us.

 Then there was talk-show organized by sahaja yogis from Brussels. There was
 also a panel. The two sahaja yogi's form Brussels asked questions and the panel
 had to
 answer and they also talked about their experiences and also the public sahaja
 yogi's had to answer. For me it was a good learning experience. Then we did
 preparations for the
 evening program. After the preparations we were very hungry, we went for lunch.

 The evening program was very enjoyable. Around midnight the Scottish folk
 dance.
 That was very funny and great. We finished with meditation. We went sleeping
 around 1h 30. On Sunday, the biggest and greatest day. It was like the day
 before, meditation on 7 'o clock, then breakfast. After the breakfast we
 prepared
 everything for the Shivaratri puja.

 The puja was very strong. For me feel really clearing in the left heart.
 Shri Mataji made me aware of the heart knowledge. After the puja there was
 dinner. Then
 we finished with the dinner, and there was prasad. But now the brothers gave
 the prasad. That was very great.

 Those who wanted could go to a Rock concert in the evening.
 One yogi of America is bass guitarist in that band. We went with 12 sahaja
 yogi's. One yogi told us raise the kundalini and then with your attention the
 sahasrara in the public. That was so great.

 In the beginning we caught. But later on the evening it was better. One
 time the band sang a song about love and heart. I felt the brahmarandra. On the
 end of
 the concert we met the yogi who was playing in the band. We enjoyed him while
 talking.
 This was a nice ending of the seminar.

 BOLO SHRI ADI SHAKTI MATAJI SHRI NIRMALA DEVI NAMOH NAMAH
 - By Shamol Bral
 ___________________________________________________

 Thank you Shamol for this nice report which is written without pretense.

 I would like to add a lesson that I learned from the concert of The Counting
 Crows
 (that's the name of the band in which Matt Malley is playing).
 On satuday yogi's asked me if I would come to that concert. As I'm not really a

 concert freak, I wasn't very enthusiastic about the idea. Here are some
 thoughts that were running in my mind:
 - Why do they want to go to that concert?
 - I will lose all the vibrations of the puja if I go to that concert.
 - I heard all the tickets are sold out
 - and Matt can never get free tickets as he has nothing to do with the
 organisers
 So when I was asked to come to that concert I said 'Yes', thinking the above,
 eventually saying it.

 But it worked out! And it made the seminar even more memorable than it
 already was. Agree, at first the atmosphere was a little bit different from the

 celestial puja mood. There were big spotlights, and the sound was perhaps a
 little
 bit too... ...loud.....
 But this hall was the same where there has been that historical Buddha Puja
 with our Mother, and with a little bit of imagination the cigarette smoke
 looked
 like that of burning incense, see what I mean?
 As far as I understood something of the lyrics, it dealt with elevating
 things of life. We all enjoyed the concert, no time for catching!

 Afterward we met Matt backstage and he looked so pleased. We gave him
 flowers of the puja. We were all around him just like the 12 petals of the
 heart, and he
 was in the heart. We had some sahaja yoga folders with us, and he put an
 autograph on
 them and gave them away to some fans!

 While on the stage we saw in Matt a Rock Star, we now discovered the Real
 Star in him, in the spiritual sense of the word.
 Again we felt that strong collective bond, no matter from where we are or
 if we already met before, neither how old we are, or what we have achieved in
 the
 outside world.

 Special thank to Johan who came up with this idea, and remained determined
 till the end to work it out. Whenever we have an idea and we feel it gives
 vibrations, we should really be determined to work it out. Of course there will
 be some
 reactions from outside, as we still react from time to time. But if we hold on,
 then
 the divine will be there to fulfil that wish. That's the Spirit.

 See you next year, Matt, with the whole collective this time!

 Leeladhara
  

 --
 Best regards,
  S.Y. news centre                          mailto:inform@sahajnews.mtu-net.ru
 

Ðàññêàç î ïóäæå Ñàõàñðàðå.htm
 
Çäðàâñòâóéòå, äîðîãèå ñàõàäæà éîãè!
Ìîæåò  áûòü,  êòî-òî  åùå ïîìíèò, ÷òî ìåñÿö íàçàä ìû îáåùàëè ðàçîñëàòü
 ðàññêàç  è  ïóäæå  Ñàõàñðàðå.  Ñ  íåáîëüøèì îïîçäàíèåì ìû âûñûëàåì Âàì
 ðàññêàç Âèòàëèÿ Íåñòåðîâà.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Çäðàâñòâóéòå, äîðîãèå ñàõàäæà éîãè!

Âñå  ñëó÷èëîñü  ÷óäåñíûì  îáðàçîì.  Ñîâñåì  íå  ìå÷òàë  îá  ýòîì!  Âîò
 íåêîòîðûå  âïå÷àòëåíèÿ  î  ïîåçäêå.  Ñòðàííûì  îáðàçîì, ëèøü ñòóïèâ íà
 çåìëþ   Èòàëèè,   ïîÿâèëîñü  îùóùåíèå,  áóäòî  ïðàâàÿ  ñòîðîíà  ïðîñòî
 îòñóòñòâóåò,  ïîêîé è áîëüøå íè÷åãî. Ìíå íå äîâîäèëîñü ðàíüøå áûâàòü â
 Êàáåëëå, ïåðâûé ðàç ìîè íîãè êîñíóëèñü áëàãîñëîâåííîé çåìëè, èçáðàííîé
 Âåëèêîé  Ìàòåðüþ  äëÿ ïðîâåäåíèÿ âñåìèðíûõ ïóäæ. Àòìîñôåðà, íàñûùåííàÿ
 âèáðàöèÿìè,  ðàñòâîðèëà  âî ìíå âñå áåñïîêîéñòâà è òðåâîãè, ïðîáëåìû è
 ïåðåæèâàíèÿ  óëåòó÷èëèñü  è òîëüêî ïàìÿòü áåçóñïåøíî ïûòàëàñü óäåðæàòü
 òÿæåñòü  áóäíè÷íûõ äíåé. Äà ãäå òàì, âñå òÿæåëîå íå ìîæåò ñóùåñòâîâàòü
 â  ðàþ! À ýòî áûë äåéñòâèòåëüíî ðàé, ìåëåíüêèé êóñî÷åê ðàÿ íà çåìëå. ß
 âñïîìíèë  ïåðâóþ  ïîåçäêó â Èíäèþ â 1990 ã., òå æå îùóùåíèÿ Öàðñòâà, â
 êîòîðîì  ëèøü  Áîæüÿ  áëàãîäàòü.  Ñòðàííî, íî ýòèõ äåñÿòè ëåò ïåðåðûâà
 áóäòî  íå áûëî. Êàæåòñÿ, âîò òîëüêî â÷åðà ÿ áûë â Èíäèè, à ñåãîäíÿ óæå
 â  Êàáåëëå.  Âîò  îíà  èëëþçèÿ âðåìåíè, ðàçâå îíî ñóùåñòâóåò äëÿ äóõà,
èãðà,  íå  áîëåå.  ß  õîäèë ïî îêðåñòíîñòÿì è ÷óâñòâîâàë, ÷òî âåðíóëñÿ
 äîìîé  â îòïóñê, â Öàðñòâî ñâîåé Ìàòåðè. Åñòü ëè ñëîâà, êîòîðûìè ìîæíî
 îïèñàòü  òó  âíóòðåííþþ  ðàäîñòü  è òî âåëè÷èå äóõà, êîòîðûå ÷óâñòâóåò
 ðåàëèçîâàííàÿ  äóøà, îêàçàâøèñü â ìåñòå, èçáðàííûì Ìàòåðüþ äëÿ âåëèêèõ
 äåë!

Íå  ïîìíþ íà êîêîé äåíü ïîëèë äîæäèê, âåðíûé ïðèçíàê òîãî, ÷òî ñåãîäíÿ
 ïîÿâèòñÿ  Øðè  Ìàòàäæè.  È  äåéñòâèòåëüíî,  âå÷åðîì  áûëà  ìóçûêàëüíàÿ
 ïðîãðàììà  è  íà  íåé  ïðèñóòñòâîâàëà  Ìàòü.  Ìû  ñëó-øàëè âûñòóïëåíèÿ
 ñàõàäæà  éîãîâ.  Âòîðîé âûñòóïàëà îäíà íàøà äåâî÷êà èç Ðîññèè, îïåðíàÿ
 ïåâèöà.  Ñïåëà òàê, ÷òî âåñü çàë âñòàë ñ ãðîìîì àïëîäèñìåíòîâ! Âîîáùå,
íå  îäèí  ðàç  ïðèõîäè-ëîñü  èñïûòûâàòü  ãîðäîñòü  çà íàøèõ ðîññèéñêèõ
 éîãîâ.   Ìîëîäöû!  Âñå  êàê  îäíà  ñåìüÿ,  íèêàêèõ  ðàçäîðîâ,  íèêàêèõ
 îðãàíèçàöèîííûõ   íàêëàäîê.   Â   ýòîò  ðàç  çà  îðãàíèçàöèþ  îòâå÷àëè
 àâñòðèéöû,  íî  ìû  òîæå ïîìîãàëè, êòî-òî óáèðàëñÿ â äîìå Øðè Ìàòàäæè,
êòî-òî  òàì-æå  ðàçãðóæàë  ïîäàðêè...  Êî ìíå îäíàæäû ïîäîøëè çàïàäíûå
 éîãè ñ âîïðîñîì:
- Âû ðóññêèé?
Ãëóïî áûëî îòïèðàòüñÿ, íàñ âû÷èñëÿþò ìãíîâåííî.
- Äà, - ãîâîðþ. - â ÷åì äåëî?
- Íàì ñêàçàëè, ÷òî âñå ðóññêèå ìóæ÷èíû óìåþò äåëàòü äåðåâÿííûå ëîæêè.

Íó,  äóìàþ,  íà÷àëîñü! ß ñëûøàë ìíîãî ñìåøíûõ èñ-òîðèé îò íàøèõ ðåáÿò,
æèâóùèõ  â  Åâðîïå,  êàêîå ïðåäñòàâëåíèå ó çàïàäíèêîâ î íàñ. Íåêîòîðûå
 íåîáðàçîâàííûå,  íà  ïîëíîì  ñåðü¸çå äóìàþò, ÷òî â Ðîññèè îäèí áîëüøîé
 ãîðîä  -  Ìîñêâà,  à âñå îñòàëüíîå - áåñêðàéíèå ïðîñòîðû ñ ìåäâåäÿìè è
 âñå â òàêîì æå äóõå. Íåóæåëè ïîïðîñÿò ëîæêó ñäåëàòü? È òî÷íî. Ñëûøó:
- Íàì íóæíî íåñêîëüêî ëîæåê.
ß èì ãîâîðþ:
- Äà ìû äàâíî óæå ïîëüçóåìñÿ æåëåçíûìè âîîáùå-òî!
Íî  îêàçàëîñü  äåëî  âîò  â  ÷åì:  ïîíàäîáèëèñü  áîëüøèå  ëîæêè â âèäå
 ëîïàòîê,  äëÿ  êóõíè,  ðàçìåøèâàòü  ïèùó â áîëüøèõ êîòëàõ. Ïðîñòî íàøè
 ðåáÿòà,  ðàáîòàâøèå çà ãðàíèöåé, çàñëóæèëè ñëàâó ìàñòåðîâ ïî äåðåâó, è
 òåïåðü ìû âñå äëÿ íèõ óìåëüöû. Íè÷åãî íå îñ-òàâàëîñü äåëàòü, êàê âçÿòü
 íà  ñåáÿ  ýòî  çàäàíèå.  Áëàãî  ñðåäè íàñ îêàçàëñÿ ìàñòåð â ýòîì äåëå,
Ñåðãåé  èç  Òîëüÿòòè.  Âîò  îí è ñäåëàë 4 øòóêè, à ÿ ïîìîãàë, êàê ìîã.
Ïîëäíÿ  ìû ïðîâîçèëèñü, íî çàòî òåïåðü íàøèìè ëîæêàìè ðàçìåøèâàþò ïèùó
 äëÿ âñåõ éîãîâ ìèðà.

Äíåì  ìû  õîäèëè â Êàáåëëó, âåäü ñàì ëàãåðü ðàñïîëîæåí ÷óòü â ñòîðîíå,
ïèëè  êàïó÷èíî â ìåñò-íîì êàôå. Çàõîäèëè â ìàëåíüêèå ìàãàçèí÷èêè. Òàê,
çàéäÿ â ìàãàçèí èãðóøåê êóïèòü ïàðó ñóâå-íèðîâ ñâîèì äåòÿì, ÿ íå ñðàçó
 ñîîáðàçèë, â ÷åì äåëî. Ïðîñòîé ðóññêèé ïàðåíü ñïðàøèâàåò ìåíÿ ÷òî ìåíÿ
 èíòåðåñóåò  è  âîîáùå âåäåò ñåáÿ êàê õîçÿèí ýòîãî ìàãàçèíà. ß äîëãî íå
 ìîã ïîíÿòü, ÿ åãî ïðèíÿë çà òàêîãî æå ïîñåòèòåëÿ, íî íå ìîã ïðèïîìíèòü
 åãî  ñðåäè  íàøåé  ãðóïïû.  Îêàçàëîñü,  ÷òî  ýòî  îäèí èç íàøèõ éîãîâ,
êîòîðîãî  æåíèëà  Ìàòü  íà  ìåñòíîé  éîãèíè è îí óæå ïàðó ëåò æè-â¸ò â
 Êàáåëëå.  À  ìàãàçèí  ïðèíàäëåæèò  ðîäèòåëÿì æåíû è îí â í¸ì ðàáîòàåò.
Íàäî  ñêàçàòü,  ÷òî  íàøèõ  â  Åâðîïå  äîñòàòî÷íî  ìíîãî.  Â Ãåðìàíèè,
íàïðèìåð,  ñàõàäæà  éîãè  ïî÷òè  âñå  ðóññêèå.  Â Ðèìñêîì àøðàìå íàðîä
 ãîâîðèò  íà èòàëüÿíñêîì è ðóññêîì ÿçûêàõ, òàì òîæå íàøèõ ìíîãî, ìíîãèå
 èíîñòðàíöû âïîëíå ñíîñíî íåìíîãî ãîâîðÿò ïî-ðóññêè.

Ëàãåðü  äëÿ  ñàõàäæà  éîãîâ  ñîñòîèò èç äâóõ áîëüøèõ àíãàðîâ, îñíîâíîé
 ïîáîëüøå, â í¸ì ïðî-õîäÿò âñå ìåðîïðèÿòèÿ, â í¸ì ïðîæèâàëè âñå æåíùèíû
 è  äåòè.  Äðóãîé  àíãàð  ÷óòü  ïîìåíüøå,  â  í¸ì ðàçìåñòèëèñü ìóæ÷èíû.
Íåäàëåêî  ÷àñòíûé äîì ñ õîçÿéñòâîì, îêîëî íåãî ðàçìåñòèëàñü êóõ-íÿ äëÿ
 éîãîâ.  Õîçÿèí  äîìà  èìååò  îïðåäåë¸ííóþ  âûãîäó îò íàøåãî ñîñåäñòâà,
ïðîêîðì  äëÿ  äî-ìàøíåãî  ñêîòà. Äàëüøå ðàñïîëîæèëñÿ ïàëàòî÷íûé ëàãåðü
 òåõ  ñàõàäæà éîãîâ, êîòîðûå ïðèåõàëè ïà ïóäæó íà ñâî¸ì òðàíñïîðòå, ýòî
 íå  òîëüêî  èòàëüÿíöû,  ýòî  àâñòðèéöû,  íåìöû, ôðàíöóçû è äð. Ïîëÿêè,
÷åõè,  ðóìûíû,  ïðèåçæàëè  íà  àâòîáóñàõ. Áûëà òàì îäíà è íàøà ìàøèíà,
Âîëîäÿ  èç  Ìîñ-êâû  íà ñâî¸ì ìèêðîàâòîáóñå ïðîåõàë ñ éîãàìè ÷åðåç òðè
 ñòðàíû, ïîïóòíî çàåçæàÿ â àøðàìû è ïðîñòî â ãîñòè ê éîãàì. Ïàðàëëåëüíî
 äàâàëè  êîíöåðòû,  ñ  áîëüøèì  óñïåõîì!  È âîò âñ¸ ýòî õîçÿéñòâî ñòîèò
 âäîëü  ãîðíîé  ðåêè.  Ìîæíî  ÷àñàìè  ñèäåòü  ó  æóð÷à-ùåãî  ïîòîêà   è
 ìåäèòèðîâàòü,  ÷òî  ìíîãèå  è  äåëàëè.  Øðè Ìàòàäæè ñêàçàëà, ÷òî â ýòè
 íåñêîëüêî  äíåé  ðåêà  ïîäîáíà Ãàíãå. Øèðîêîå êàìåíèñòîå óñòüå, ëèøü â
 íåêîòîðûõ  ìåñòàõ  ãëóáèíà äîñòè-ãàåò 50-60 ñì. Íî è ýòîãî õâàòèëî, ìû
 ïëåñêàëèñü  â  ýòîì  ëåäåíÿùåì  ïîòîêå ñ Âÿ÷åñëàâîì Èâà-íîâûì, ëèäåðîì
 Ñ-Ïåòåðáóðãà.  Ëîæèøüñÿ  íà  äíî  è  õîëîä  áóêâàëüíî  ïðîíèçûâàåò âñå
 îðãàíû,  âñÿ  íåãàòèâíîñòü  ïîêèäàåò  òâî¸  òåëî.  Êóïàëèñü  äîëãî  íà
 óäèâëåíèå  îêðóæàþùèì. Ìû ñ Âÿ÷åñëàâîì ïîáèëè âñå ðåêîðäû ïðåáûâàíèÿ â
 âîäå  è  íè  êàêîãî  íàì¸êà íà ïðîñòóäó, õîòÿ ïîãîäà íàñ íå áà-ëîâàëà.
Êòî-òî  èç  íàøèõ  æåíùèí  òîæå  êóïàëñÿ.  Îäíó ñåñòðó óíåñëî òå÷åíèå.
Âîîáùå  ñìåøíîãî  áûëî  ìíîãî. Ìíå ïîâåçëî â ýòîì ñìûñëå, ìîé ñïàëüíèê
 ëåæàë  ðÿäîì ñî ñïàëüíèêîì Âÿ÷åñëàâà. êòî ñ íèì çíàêîì, òîò çíàåò, ÷òî
 ýòî ñïëîøíàÿ êîìåäèÿ. ×òî íè ôðàçà, òî øåäåâð. Äàæå êîãäà îí ñïèò, ýòî
 ÷òî-òî!  Ëåæèò  òàêîé  ðóññêèé  ìåäâåäü,  áîãàòûðñêèé  õðàï  ñëûøåí  â
 ñîñåäíåì  àíãàðå.  È  ñïàëüíèê  ñ  ðóêàâàìè, êàê ó êóðòêè, ïðåäñòàâüòå
 êàðòèíó!  Ê  ñîæàëåíèþ  âñåãî  íå  ðàññêàæåøü,  íî áûëî î÷åíü âåñåëî è
 ëåãêî.


Óäèâèòåëüíî,  ïî ìûñëåé â ãîëîâå ñîâñåì íå áûëî, áóäòî êòî-òî âûêëþ÷èë
 íåâèäèìûé   âûêëþ-÷àòåëü.   ×òîáû   ïîäóìàòü   î   ÷¸ì-òî  íóæíî  áûëî
 íàïðÿãàòüñÿ!  Íèêàêèõ  ñíîâ  ñ ñóåòîé, çàêðûâàþ ãëàçà è, åù¸ íå óñíóâ,
âèæó  áëèçëåæàùèå  îêðåñòíîñòè,  ìåäëåííî  ëå÷ó  è ñìîòðþ âíèç. Çåìëÿ,
ãîðû,  âñå â çîëîòå! Â ãîëîâå ÷èñòî-÷èñòî, áóäòî â ìîåé æèçíè íå êîãäà
 íå  áûëî  áåñïîêîéñòâ  è  òðåâîãè  ÿ  âñå  ýòî ïðèäóìûâàë äëÿ ñåáÿ, ïî
 ãëóïîñòè ñâîåé.

Óäèâèòåëüíîå  ÷óâñòâî,  áóäòî  ó  òåáÿ  çàáðàëè  ýãî.  Êòî-òî  íå òóäà
 ïîñòàâèë  ÷üè-òî  âåùè,  âîçíè-êàåò ÷òî-òî âðîäå ñïîðà. Òû ñìîòðèøü íà
 ýòî  ñî  ñòîðîíû,  è  òåáå  òàê æàëü, ÷òî êòî-òî ñïîðèò, áóä-òî ýòî íå
 ë¸ãêîå  íåäîðàçóìåíèå,  à  äðàêà. È òàê æàëü, ÷òî ýòî ñëó÷èëîñü è òåáå
 æàëü îáîèõ ñïî-ðÿùèõ, ñîâñåì íå âàæíî, êòî ïðàâ, à êòî âèíîâàò.

Íî  ïóòåøåñòâèå  çàêîí÷èëîñü,  è  ìû  âåðíóëèñü, íåñîìíåííî, ïðèîáðåòÿ
 áîëüøîé  îïûò!  Ïîäõîäÿ  ê  äîìó ÿ óæå çíàë, ÷òî çàâòðà ïðèä¸òñÿ îïÿòü
 äåðæàòüñÿ  èçî  âñåõ ñèë è ñòàðàòüñÿ, îõ êàê íàì íóæíî âñåì ñòàðàòüñÿ,
÷òîáû  ñîçäàòü  òàêîé  ðàé íà âñåé ïëàíåòå! Âåëèêàÿ çàäà÷à çàäà÷ è äëÿ
 ýòîãî íàøè ïëå÷è âûáðàíû, íàøè ñåðäöà èçáðàíû!

5  ìàÿ,  â  5  ÷àñîâ  óòðà  â  Êàáåëëå áûë ïðîâåä¸í Õàâàí. Øðè Ìàòàäæè
 ñêàçàëà,  ÷òî  â  ýòî âðåìÿ, 2000 ëåò íàçàä ðîäèëñÿ Èèñóñ! Íà ïóäæå, 7
÷èñëà,  Øðè  Ìàòàäæè  ãîâîðèëà î ñîçäàíèè ñàõàäæà éîãè, êàê îíà èñêàëà
 ëþäåé,  ñïîñîáíûõ îòêðûòüñÿ ýòîìó áîæåñòâåííîìó ïîòîêó. Áûëè íåóäà÷è è
 ïîáåäû. Ìàòü ìíîãî ãîâîðèëà î òîì, ÷òî ìû äîëæíû âñ¸ ðåøàòü ñàìè, ïîðà
 óæå.  Øðè  Ìàòàäæè  ñèìâîëè÷íî  ïðåïîäíåñëè  ïà  21  ïîäíîñå âñå ñôåðû
 äåÿòåëüíîñòè  ÷åëîâå÷åñòâà:  îáðàçîâàíèå, ìåäè-öèíà, òðàíñïîðò, àðìèÿ,
ðåëèãèÿ,  ñôåðà  îáñëóæèâàíèÿ,  ýêîíîìèêà, ïîëèòèêà è äð. Ìàòü âñ¸ ýòî
 áëàãîñëîâèëà  è îïÿòü ñêàçàëà, ÷òî ýòî òåïåðü è âû óìååòå è äîëæíû ýòî
 äåëàòü ñàìè! Íàâåðíî ýòî è áûë ãëàâíûé çàâåò ïðîøåäøåãî äíÿ Ñàõàñðàðû!

Ñóäÿ ïî âñåìó, â Ðîññèè âñå íîðìàëüíî, Ìàòü ñòàâèò íàñ â ïðèìåð äðóãèì
 ñòðàíàì, ýòî ðàäóåò. Âíåøíå âñå êàæåòñÿ íå òàêèì óæ áåçîáëà÷íûì, íî íà
 òîíêîì  óðîâíå  ïðîèñõîäèò ìíîãî ñîáûòèé è ìû âïîëíå ñïðàâëÿåìñÿ, àãèÿ
 ÷àêðà ïðîéäåíà!

Íà  ýòîì  çàêàí÷èâàþ  ñâî¸  ïèñüìî,  ïðèåçæàéòå â ãîñòè íà ìóçûêàëüíûé
 ôåñòèâàëü, êîòîðûé áó-äåò ïðîõîäèòü â Ìîñêâå, âî âòîðîé ïîëîâèíå èþëÿ.

Ñ  ïîêëîíîì, Âèòàëèé
 

--
Best regards,
  S.Y. news centre                          mailto:inform@sahajnew.mtu-net.ru
 

Ôîòîãðàôèè.htm
 
Ïî  Âàøåé  ïðîñüáå  âûñûëàþ  ôîòîãðàôèè  Ìàòåðè  ñ ïóäæ Ãóðó, Ãàíåøå è
 Íàâàðàòðè.  Òàêæå  âûñûëàþ  êàðòó Âèðàòû. Òîëüêî, ïî íåêîòîðûì äàííûì,
îíà  íå  ñîâñåì  âåðíà.  Òàê,  â  Ãðåöèè  Ìàòü ãîâîðèëà, ÷òî Èçðàèëü è
 Ïàëåñòèíà  - ýòî ýãî è ñóïåðýãî. È ãäå-òî ÿ ñëûøàë, ÷òî Ðîññèÿ è Êèòàé
-  ýòî  íå  ýãî  è  ñóïåðýãî,  à  ïåðåäíÿÿ  è  çàäíÿÿ àãèè (ñîîòâ. Øðè
 Ìàõàêàðòèêåéÿ è Øðè Ìàõàãàíåøà).

Ìàêñèì.
----Ñ À Õ À Ä Æ À   É Î Ã À------------------S A H A J A   Y O G A----
Ñëóæáà äîñòàâêè íîâîñòåé                         News delivery service
Ìîñêâà, Ðîññèÿ                                          Moscow, Russia 

